ʻThis will permanently transform your marketing results.ʼ
JAKE MASON, FOUNDER OF INCALOOP

SCORECARD
MARKETING
The four-step playbook for getting better leads and bigger profits












DANIEL PRIESTLEY
WITH GLEN CARLSON

ʻIf you need to get to know your potential clients before making a sale, this strategy will 
dramatically reduce the time it takes to win business.ʼ
SHAA WASMUND MBE, AUTHOR OF DO LESS, GET MORE

BUSINESS SUCCESS STARTS WITH LEAD GENERATION
The first step towards gaining customers, increasing profit, driving growth, and attracting 
investors is your ability to secure warm leads. Scorecard marketing is the perfect tool to achieve 
this, attracting a steady stream of qualified leads and engaging with the right people.
Read Scorecard Marketing and learn how to:
• Predictably generate large numbers of warm leads every week
• Collect data and recognise buying signals early
• Identify the underlying reasons each individual might want your offer
• Treat every customer in a personalised way
• Create a permanent digital asset that improves your marketing and sales results for years to come


Daniel Priestley and Glen Carlson
are multi-award-winning entrepreneurs who have built fast-growth businesses around the world. After 
testing dozens
of performance marketing strategies, they discovered the power of scorecard marketing. Over 2,000 
companies are now using this approach to achieve remarkable results in generating better leads and 
bigger profits.








www.rethinkpress.com   £11.99


SCORECARD
MARKETING
The four-step playbook for getting better leads and bigger profits












DANIEL PRIESTLEY
WITH GLEN CARLSON












First published in Great Britain in 2022 by Rethink Press (www.rethinkpress.com)
© Copyright Daniel Priestley and Glen Carlson

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a 
retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, 
photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the publisher.
The rights of Daniel Priestley and Glen Carlson to be identified as the authors of this work have 
been asserted by them in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be 
lent, resold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior consent in any form 
of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition 
including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
Cover image © Richard Burch Illustrations by Andrew Priestley











We dedicate this book to entrepreneurs all over the world who are using their businesses to solve 
meaningful problems. We hope this helps you to stand out and scale up in these remarkable times.



CONTENTS
Introduction                        1
My first successful campaigns               2
Manufacturing demand                   4
Quality lead generation at scale              6
How to use this book                    8
PART ONE The Philosophy Of Generating Warm Leads  11
Why People Buy                     13
Psychological tension                   13
Awaken Dormant Desires                17
Asking revealing questions                20
Warming People Up                   23
Quantity and quality content               25
The Product-For-Prospects               29
An indirect approach to marketing            30
Emotion, Logic And Urgency              33
On a scale of one to ten                  36
Scoring, Ranking And Improving            39
A scoring system is good for business          41

PART TWO SETTING UP A SCORECARD          45
Building Your Scorecard                 47
Unprecedented results                  48
Step 1: Your Landing Page               55
1. Create a concept                    56
2. Select a template                    59
3. Improve the landing page               60
4. Start the quiz                      64
The lead form                       65
The only truth is the results                67
Step 2: A Questionnaire                 71
A creative approach to asking the right questions    72
Other ways to ask                     75
Adding categories                     78
How many categories and how many questions?    80
Scoring the answers                    83
Get people thinking                    86
Step 3: Their Results                   91
Scoring tiers                        92
Dynamic content                      94
A dynamic PDF report                   96
Next steps                         98
The data                         100
Cinderella clients                     102

Step 4: Marketing And Sales              107
Promoting your scorecard                107
Following up and making sales             112
A New Asset For Your Business            129
Don’t let anything stand in your way           131
Set Up And Score!                   135
Data is the lifeblood of marketing            140
Conclusion                       145
Resources                          147
References                         149
Acknowledgements                     151
Other Books By Daniel Priestley              153
The Authors                         155



INTRODUCTION
Everything in business is downstream from lead generation. If you can’t capture the attention of 
customers, investors, partnerships and potential talent and generate a signal of interest, then it 
doesn’t matter how great your offer is. If the leads dry up, the sales stop flowing and the best 
salespeople leave. Then the revenue starts dropping and the investors want out. Growth stops, the 
fun stops and the business comes crashing down.
To bring in a customer, first you will need leads – a list of people who might buy. If you want a 
great employee, you’ll need warm leads in the form of people who might be suitable for your team. 
If you want an investor, your warm leads will be those who might invest in your business. 
Generating leads is the first step towards finding the right customer, partner, employee or 
investor.
A warm lead is someone who has given you a signal of interest, such as filling in a form, booking a 
ticket to an event or requesting more information. As they hand over their contact details to a 
business, they demonstrate their willingness to engage further, to learn more and to potentially 
buy.
People are not silly. They know that when they give their information to a business they might as 
well be putting their hand up in the air, waving and saying, ‘I’m interested!’ They know there will 
likely be a sales call or some marketing material to follow.

1

2                     Scorecard Marketing

Getting people to take this first step is an art form. You have to find them and get their 
attention; you must educate or entertain them and then you have to get them to want to signal their 
interest. In a perfect scenario you will gain more than basic information about them too – you want 
valuable insights that will allow you to create a powerful sales and marketing follow-up process.
A flow of warm leads, especially with useful additional data, quickly turn into sales. Sales 
generate revenue. Revenue proves to investors your business has a future. Investment powers a 
growing team of passionate people who have fun bringing out the best in each other. Passionate 
A-players grow the business and make it profitable.
Success and failure look pretty grand from a distance but up close what you are seeing is the 
compounding effect of a lot of things happening after those first leads came in.

MY FIRST SUCCESSFUL CAMPAIGNS
When I was nineteen I had the opportunity to work with an amazing mentor who taught me all about 
business while we launched and built an AU$6 million revenue company in two years. Most of those 
key lessons related directly to lead generation.
The business launched with a successful direct mail cam- paign. The letter we sent out to over 
15,000 people persuaded more than 300 people to show up to a launch event. That event brought in 
over AU$180K of sales. We then used that money

Introduction                          3

to take out ads in a newspaper and more leads came in. We ran more events and we made more sales.
We repeated this formula week in week out, and within twenty-four months the business had grown 
from four people around a kitchen table to sixty people in an inner-city Melbourne office.
I left that business at twenty-one to launch my first start- up with Glen Carlson. Our first move 
was to run ads in the newspaper and generate leads. I remember that on the first day I ran an 
AU$7,000 quarter-page ad paid for on my credit card. Only a dozen leads came in and I was 
devastated – I thought our business was over before it had begun.
The following day the phones started ringing. Another seventy people called that week and from 
those leads Glen and I made AU$31,500 in sales. We ran the ads again; we generated more warm leads 
and made more sales.
At the end of the first year, we had become a well-oiled lead generation and sales machine. We 
generated 100+ warm leads per week, we warmed people up to doing business with us with a weekly 
workshop and we made consistent sales – over AU$1.3 million with a profit of almost AU$400K.
The success didn’t stop. Once we had figured out how to generate warm leads, we discovered how 
valuable this skill was. For a success fee, I consulted for two businesses on their lead generation 
strategy and earned over AU$90,000 for a few days’ ‘work’. Then we struck a deal to partner with a 
start-up business to scale them up and in one year we grew the operation from AU$1 million to AU$10 
million.

4                     Scorecard Marketing

How did this business grow by ten times in one year? Nothing changed about the underlying business, 
we simply flooded them with warm leads.
In my twenties and thirties I worked with several million- aires and billionaires and each time I 
saw the obsession with lead generation. ‘Attention is the most valuable currency in business – no 
attention no business,’ was a lesson I learned from a successful entrepreneur.
Why is attention valuable? Because if a lot of people are paying attention, many of them will 
likely show interest in buying something. That signal of interest is a lead – that lead starts the 
domino effect that catalyses the success you want from the business.

MANUFACTURING DEMAND
If you have leads flowing in, you can solve almost any other problem. When I have raised 
investment, investors always ask: ‘How will you generate leads and make sales?’ Investors will give 
you money to solve any other problem if you can demonstrate an influx of leads. Talented people 
will quit their job and come work with you if you have an influx of leads. You can also sell any 
business with plenty of leads coming in.
Conversely, if you have developed a great product but no one seems interested in buying it, 
investors and talented people will rarely engage. I have seen hundreds of entrepreneurs who have a 
great service to offer the world but don’t know how to generate warm leads.

Introduction                          5

In the industrial age, it was difficult to manufacture a product but it was relatively easy to sell 
it. Something as simple as a pair of scissors required a hundred workers, a plant and equipment to 
produce at scale but, once they were made, people flocked to buy them. The hard part was keeping up 
with the orders.
We get the term ‘gross domestic product’ from this era, when people measured the economy based on 
how much could be produced. The default assumption was that if it could be made, it could be sold. 
Fortunes were made by people who could create things.
That isn’t true today. It’s become easy to make things and consumers are drowning in choices. An 
Amazon search for ‘scissors’ brings up pages upon pages of options. You can buy giant novelty 
scissors or tiny little scissors that fit in a purse. There are dozens of different types of hair 
scissors, office scissors, kitchen scissors, craft scissors, medical-kit scissors or gardening 
scissors – and that’s before you’ve even thought about choosing from all the colours available.
In the industrial age, if you could manufacture scissors you would have a huge demand for them. 
Today, consumers are spoilt for choice and the difficult part is getting them to choose your 
product over hundreds of alternatives.
An entrepreneur’s job today is not about the means of production, it’s about the means of 
distribution. The fortune doesn’t go to the person who can make something, it goes to the person 
who can sell it.

6                     Scorecard Marketing














You are still in a manufacturing business but now you must manufacture the demand. You must create 
a predictable assembly line that produces interested people who are excited to engage with your 
business.

QUALITY LEAD GENERATION AT SCALE
In this book we simplify the steps to getting warm leads. By the time you finish reading, you will 
have a clear strategy for something that most people struggle with. Not only will you have set up a 
remarkable lead generation asset for your business, but you will also have signalled you’re 
interested in doing business with us too.
How can we be so sure? In 2016 we discovered a powerful tool for generating warm leads – a 
scorecard.
We launched the Key Person of Influence Scorecard so that people could benchmark their ability to 
influence. The

Introduction                          7

website has an attractive landing page that clearly describes why someone would want to become a 
Key Person of Influence and what they should measure if they wanted to improve.
It invites people to complete a short questionnaire consisting of forty yes/no questions. After 
answering these questions, the person receives a full report on their strengths and weaknesses, 
with customised recommendations on how to improve. They can see the report immediately on the 
screen and receive an extended version via email.
People loved it and continue to love it – over 15,000 people per year complete this scorecard. Our 
salespeople can’t believe their luck.
The sales team can see the results of the questionnaire, which enables them to have a sensible and 
powerful conversation with each person. Prior to this innovation, we ran events and workshops to 
generate leads. These workshops were expensive, stressful and labour intensive to run. They were 
helpful in warming people up to doing business with us, but they had a significant problem: we knew 
next to nothing about the people who came to our workshops until we spoke to them one-to-one.
It was typical to start a sales call with ‘tell me a bit about yourself’ and have absolutely no 
idea what the client would say. We didn’t know if they were the CEO of a NASDAQ-listed unicorn or 
the owner of a fish and chip shop down the road.
The scorecard changed everything.
Scorecards are infinitely scalable at a low cost, and by collecting buckets of data about every 
person, scorecards

8                     Scorecard Marketing

give your potential client instant gratification and a person- alised experience.

91% of consumers say they will more likely purchase from brands that provide offers and 
recommendations relevant to them.1

On Spotify, Facebook, Netflix, YouTube and Amazon we’re surrounded by extreme personalisation every 
day, and con- sumers have come to expect that same level of relevance from companies of all sizes. 
Investing in personalisation to build relationships and create better experiences can pay off with 
serious rewards for brands. In a world where the vast majority of companies are focused on 
improving personalisation, com- panies that don’t prioritise creating a tailored experience run the 
risk of getting left behind.
Scorecards are fast, fun and full of relevant information.
It’s a win-win.

HOW TO USE THIS BOOK
Practical and focused on one clear strategy, this book is not 101 Ways to Generate Leads – you can 
google those kinds of lists. This is a playbook for successfully implementing a scorecard marketing 
campaign.

Introduction                          9

Part One: The Philosophy Of Generating Warm Leads offers a range of marketing philosophies and 
examples to help you understand the importance of generating warm leads so you can benefit from 
everything that comes down- stream from there.
Part Two: Setting Up A Scorecard walks you through the four-step process of setting up a successful 
scorecard for your business so you have a marketing machine that delivers more warm leads every 
week. We also share some case studies from those who have already implemented the strategy in their 
businesses.
Throughout the book you will find ‘action steps’ – questions designed for you to answer to gather 
useful information for later. There are also research statistics that demonstrate key points of the 
scorecard strategy, and at the end of the book you will find links to many of the resources and 
tools we mention in our discussions.
If your business could benefit from getting to know people better, scorecard marketing will be 
invaluable for you. If better qualified leads would result in bigger profits and more fun, this 
book will give you what you’re looking for.

10                     Scorecard Marketing


SCOREAPP SOFTWARE MAKES THIS STRATEGY EASY
This scorecard marketing strategy became so important to us that we studied it in detail and 
refined it endlessly. We then created the software platform ScoreApp.com to encompass everything 
you need to make this strategy work for your business quickly, efficiently and cost-effec- tively.
ScoreApp can be your main tool for generating warm leads every month. You could cobble together 
some Google forms or hire developers and build your own scorecards (that’s what we did to start 
with too) but we think you’ll prefer having our team of fanatics building the best system for you.
You have a free trial of our software with this book to see if it works for you as well as it has 
for thousands of our happy clients, so here is the link for an extended free trial of ScoreApp. 
There are no commitments – you can cancel at any time.
www.scoreapp.com/book-trial



PART ONE
THE PHILOSOPHY OF GENERATING WARM LEADS



WHY PEOPLE BUY

This book is about you achieving better marketing and sales results. We assume you have something 
great to sell and want to sell more of it to the right people – to do this, you need a powerful 
strategy for generating warm leads that convert into paying clients.
The logical place to start is in the mind of someone who might buy from you. We need to explore why 
they buy, how they build enough trust to signal their interest and the condi- tions that need to be 
right for a sale to be made.
PSYCHOLOGICAL TENSION
The underlying reason people buy anything is due to psycholog- ical tension. People feel a tension 
between what they have and what they want. They are living in their current reality but they have a 
desired reality in mind that they believe would be better. A person who pays for a business coach 
does so because they feel a psychological tension between the business they have and the business 
they imagine having in the future. They might have a business that is good by many people’s 
standards but they feel chained to it. Perhaps they feel that it’s too much hard work and they have 
to make every sale. One day they meet up


13

14                     Scorecard Marketing

with some parents at the school gate who have just been on a long international holiday with their 
family. The dissatisfaction builds into a psychological tension, which drives them to be on the 
lookout for something that might resolve it.













Every customer who has ever bought from your business did so to relieve a psychological tension 
they were experiencing. They imagined that life would be better after buying what you were 
offering.
I’m sure you recognised this in some of your customers but there will have been many cases when you 
didn’t – customers who didn’t tell you much about themselves and played down their reasons for 
buying from you. They probably talked about the features of your product or focused on things like 
the price or the payment terms. They may have concealed their underlying psychological tension but 
you can be certain it was there. Understanding this tension in your potential customers is 
important if you want to be successful in your business and make more sales.

Why People Buy                       15

Businesses that are clear about the tensions they resolve create better marketing materials, charge 
better prices, have more powerful sales meetings and deliver better products and services.
Many strong emotions are driven by an underlying tension. Pain, disappointment or dissatisfaction 
are all forms of tension based on something you have that you wish would stop or change. Desire, 
lust or longing are different types of tension based on something you don’t have but want. Feelings 
of frustration, annoyance or anger arise from tension based on something not working the way you 
imagine it should.
Imagine being able to look at a potential customer and see a dashboard glowing above their head 
telling you exactly what their tension is. Imagine an accountant talking to a business owner and 
above their head it says, ‘I rate myself three out of ten for business finances – this is caused by 
my cashflow worries.’ It would be easy for this accountant to talk to the client about ways to 
continue working in the business while outsourcing their finances to the accounting firm.

84% of consumers say being treated like a person, not a number, is important to winning their 
business.2

Imagine what it would be like for you and your sales team to have access to this dashboard for 
every potential client you talk to. This data would speed up every sale, and would lead to more 
effective marketing campaigns and happier customers.

16                     Scorecard Marketing

It would also allow you to raise your prices and measure the impact of your product.
Scorecard marketing enables you to generate warm leads that come in with this data attached. Rather 
than just seeing people at a surface level, you will know what’s driving them and have access to 
data that reveals exactly why they want to buy something. You will clearly see the tension they are 
experiencing and be able to quantify it with numbers and zoom in on specific issues that they want 
to address.


ACTION STEP
Complete the Sales and Marketing Excellence Score- card to have experience of what it’s like to 
complete a scorecard yourself:
https://laps.scoreapp.com

AWAKEN DORMANT DESIRES

Sometimes people experience psychological tension that sits deep beneath the surface. They bury it 
and don’t do anything about it, distracting themselves with other things. We call this a dormant 
tension – a desire or frustration that is not being acted on.















This could be for several reasons. They might have tried to do something about it in the past and 
it didn’t work. It might


17

18                     Scorecard Marketing

not be as painful or urgent as other things in their life. They might imagine that there’s too much 
work or expense required to fix a problem they have or that the reward isn’t worth it. Maybe they 
don’t believe they’re capable of doing something they wish they could do.
Imagine Kelly, a busy mother who used to love going to yoga classes before having kids. Yoga used 
to be Kelly’s reset and it was great for fitness and meeting like-minded friends. Since having 
young kids, yoga has taken a backseat and now those needs are no longer being fulfilled. This 
manifests itself in many ways: a lack of energy, feeling unfit and disconnected from a vibrant 
social circle.
Kelly is probably not looking into yoga classes, though. She knows there is a yoga studio seven 
minutes down the road but she’s buried her desire. The yoga studio doesn’t even know Kelly exists 
or that she might want to get back into her practice. Imagine if somehow the yoga studio could 
interview Kelly and ask her what’s stopping her from returning. Her response might be that her 
evenings are taken up with family activities and that she doesn’t feel like being around a social 
circle of people who are single and childless anymore. She might also say that she misses the 
feeling yoga brings and the added
energy it gives her.
What Kelly doesn’t know is that the yoga studio has classes for parents with children. These 
classes are at a time that works, the social circle is perfect and the energy uplift is just as 
good. If the yoga studio knew why Kelly wasn’t coming to classes,

Awaken Dormant Desires                  19

they could give her the relevant information; if Kelly had that relevant information, she would 
absolutely love to come back to yoga classes.
A dormant tension sits beneath the surface waiting to bubble up. The exciting thing is that most 
people have dormant psychological tensions sitting beneath the surface. For every person who is 
actively looking for a product or service, there are hundreds of others who might be interested but 
aren’t looking. If you went to a football match and asked the whole sta- dium, ‘Who here is 
currently searching for a new car?’ few
people would respond. If, however, you asked, ‘Who here is not 100% happy with the car they 
currently have?’ almost everyone would respond.
There is great power in being able to identify a dormant tension people have hidden away in the 
back of their mind.
It seems counterintuitive but when a customer is already ac- tively looking for a product, they are 
harder to sell to, not easier. People who are actively looking for something have already made up 
their minds and they have often set their budget. They are normally unwilling to explore a broad 
range of alternatives or to consider offers outside their predetermined price band.
People who are actively searching for a product or a service are also likely to buy from the most 
established providers. They typically go with well-known brands or the people who have won awards 
and have dozens of testimonials. As they fine-tune their decision, they look for signs that a 
business is the best of the bunch.

20

ASKING REVEALING QUESTIONS
Scorecard Marketing
When exploring a dormant desire, people tend to buy from the business that helped them uncover it. 
Someone who wasn’t looking for a life coach will buy from the life coach who helped them to 
highlight an area of their life they could improve.
Those with a dormant frustration are also open to exploring a full range of options. A person who 
knows they want to join a golf club will look for the best golf club in their local area. A person 
who feels bored because they don’t have any hobbies might be open to tennis, bowling, dancing, 
karate, rock climb- ing or golf.
The smartest entrepreneurs and marketing professionals sell to those with dormant needs and wants. 
They go looking for underlying psychological tension that hasn’t yet fully formed and then they 
warm people up.
The key to finding a psychological tension is in asking the right questions. If you ask people 
about small things they are experiencing, they begin to tune into issues that need resolving. Small 
things can add up to big things.
A big tension someone might have could relate to their fitness, but asking directly about it might 
cause them to recoil. Imagine asking someone you barely know, ‘Are you happy with your 
fitness/weight?’ You won’t win any new friends that way. Asking fewer encompassing questions would 
be a better way to start the ball rolling. Questions like ‘do you work out?’ or ‘do you have any 
sporty hobbies?’ would start a conversation that may reveal their deeper thoughts.

Awaken Dormant Desires                   21
Having a series of simple, indirect questions to ask can be a powerful way to wake up the dormant 
frustrations or desires in those your business could help.


ACTION STEP
Get into the mind of your potential customers:
» What dormant frustrations do your typical customers experience?
» What desired outcomes do your typical customers secretly want?
» What typically stops people from acting on this tension?



WARMING PEOPLE UP

When psychological tension builds, people go looking for solutions. People who are actively looking 
for something appear to buy quickly. They already have a fully formed set of ideas about what they 
want and how much they’re willing to pay. If they see something that meets their needs and wants, 
they can just put it on their credit card. Within minutes, they’ve added it to their cart and sent 
it whizzing from the warehouse to their door. Not everyone is at that point, though. When someone 
has a psychological tension brewing under the surface, it can take time for them to feel ready to 
buy something. If you’re catching them early in their buying journey, remember that they still need 
to go through a process of learning and mentally trying on various options and solutions. The 
person who is dissatisfied with working too hard in their business might not yet know if they 
should buy some software, hire a business coach or perhaps recruit someone onto their team. There 
could be dozens of ways to approach
their issue.
The business that can deliver the most effective education and entertainment at this time normally 
wins the sale. Smart businesses know how to warm people up in an enjoyable and easy-going way. They 
seek to add value to someone who’s exploring a purchasing decision, before asking for the sale.
23

24                     Scorecard Marketing














Let’s go back to the example of Kelly and the yoga studio that has launched classes for parents. 
They know that parents can’t easily commit to a new hobby so they don’t try to push for the sale. 
Instead, they share information about why and how they’ve designed these yoga classes to suit 
parents.
They have videos of parents saying that the classes are perfect for busy parents and the benefits 
are worthwhile. They provide a checklist for getting back into a yoga practice. There is a blog 
that talks about the importance of taking care of yourself, your fitness and your own energy levels 
as a parent. They also have podcast episodes that discuss that amazing centred feeling you get 
after a yoga class, and how couples with kids have a better relationship if they manage their 
stress. For someone who experiences these sequences of content, the decision to join the yoga 
studio becomes more and more obvious.
Warming people up is a science. In their research, Google discovered that people typically consume 
eleven pieces of

Warming People Up                     25

content before making a purchase. They call this moment of online decision-making ‘Zero Moments of 
Truth’, or ZMOT.³ Psychology Professor Robin Dunbar found that time and quality interactions 
determined how much trust and connection people experienced. His research showed that spending 
several hours with someone across multiple interactions in a week significantly sped up the time it 
took to bond.⁴
Businesses and brands can harness this idea by creating content journeys for people to go on. Using 
digital assets like videos, articles, images, podcasts and social networks, a business can create a 
trail of marketing ‘breadcrumbs’ that lead people to their door.
QUANTITY AND QUALITY CONTENT
When it comes to warming people up to doing business with you, quality as well as quantity is 
important.
Quality content is about personalisation. Content that speaks to a person directly is much more 
influential than generic information. If someone uses your name and talks about the exact needs you 
have, you are likely to respond.
Amid the flood of information we all have access to, people make snap judgements about whether 
something is relevant to them or not. As soon as they suspect that something isn’t intended 
directly for them, their interest in it drops off a cliff. This is especially true in a world where 
we are only a click away from our favourite YouTube channels or Amazon recommendations.

26                     Scorecard Marketing

72% of consumers say that they only engage with personalised messaging.5

The other important aspect is the quantity of content. Our ex- perience and the research we’ve seen 
indicates that a business should have at least eleven pieces of relevant content available for 
people to read, watch, listen to or interact with. Some peo- ple might not need that much but many 
like to go deep down the rabbit hole when they discover something new.
A person considering buying a guitar may want to look at the specifications, see videos of famous 
people with that guitar, listen to experts playing and reviewing it, and then read customer 
testimonials and reviews. This process could take a few days or a few weeks and you don’t want them 
to run out of content to engage with.
The hard part is combining the two. Having personalised content while also having a lot of content 
for each potential customer is hard for most businesses to achieve. Historically, the way to solve 
this has been to have armies of salespeople who can talk to customers and clients one-to-one, 
understand their situation and then make recommendations to follow up. It’s expensive and beyond 
the reach of most small businesses.
Technology companies try to solve this with algorithms. Amazon, Spotify, YouTube and Facebook all 
learn about what people want and drip-feed recommendations that are person- alised to each of us. 
This works better on some occasions than

Warming People Up                     27

others, but, even if it only works some of the time, these busi- nesses see a huge uplift in sales.
The holy grail is personalisation that happens automatically and can deliver dynamic 
recommendations to people based on their unique situation. Scorecard marketing is the tool that 
allows small businesses to deliver personalised content and recommendations at scale without having 
to hire armies of salespeople or software developers.
When people complete your scorecard, they answer a quick questionnaire or a quiz. The way they 
answer gives you information about them and adds a simple scoring system to their response, which 
makes it easy to then personalise the content they see. This dynamic content is much more engaging 
and effective at warming up leads.

ACTION STEP
Explore the journey your customers go through before they buy:
1. What is the missing information your potential customers typically need in order to feel more 
desire to buy from you?
2. What quality content do you currently have available online for people to access?
3. How do you currently discover unique information about your potential clients?



THE PRODUCT-FOR- PROSPECTS

Businesses typically have a core product or service that they offer. They work with this thing 
every day and become experts in it.
An accountant’s core business is delivering accounting services. A business coach’s core business 
is providing business coaching programmes. An architect’s core business is designing homes. 
Sometimes people who work closely with something forget what it’s like not to know what they know.
A dentist’s core business might be teeth straightening and they might easily forget what it’s like 
not to know what teeth straightening involves. They could forget what it’s like not to know how 
long it takes, how effective it is and what to expect during the process. They do it every day, 
they are an expert and can completely disconnect from the concerns and hopes someone has when first 
exploring this as an option. It’s easy to become complacent about the basic questions people might 
have.
The best way to solve this problem is to create a ‘product-for- prospects’. This is a low-risk 
first step people can take before committing to your core product. The product-for-prospects
29

30                     Scorecard Marketing

is a packaged-up way for people to connect and learn about what you do.
The dentist could sell a ‘discovery visit’ to explore the pos- sibility of ‘improving your smile’ 
as a product-for-prospects which would be appealing for the person thinking about committing to the 
journey.
Most professionals don’t like giving away free discovery sessions because they are time-consuming 
and might not result in a sale. If you meet people one-to-one for free you will quickly run out of 
time to work with paying customers. The key to a powerful product-for-prospects is for it to be 
scalable. You need to create something that lots of people can happily engage with that takes up 
only a small amount of your time, if any.
AN INDIRECT APPROACH TO MARKETING
When I was a teenager, our local newspaper had an advertise- ment that ran every Saturday for 
years. It was for a local financial planner who ran a weekly workshop called ‘An Introduction to 
Building Wealth and Having Security in Retirement’. The ad focused on the benefits of attending a 
two-hour workshop. Rather than trying to sell financial planning, this business pointed their 
marketing budget at a product-for-prospects.
The two-hour workshop typically attracted ten to thirty people each time and it was repeated for 
many years. People attended, they learned, then signed up with a financial planner and the business 
grew. Eventually, that business was sold for AU$30 million and the founder ended up on the 
Australian Young Rich List. The secret to successfully selling the financial

The Product-For-Prospects                 31

planning services was to avoid selling financial planning services and to get people to engage 
first with the product-for-prospects. Inspired by this example, Glen and I built our first busi- 
ness based on the concept of running introductory workshops.
This business was a huge success because we were experts in getting people to engage with a 
product-for-prospects. We could identify companies trying to sell their core offer di- rectly and 
radically grow their business just by promoting an introductory workshop instead.
Workshops, books, reports, events and sample packs are all great examples of scalable 
products-for-prospects that can engage larger groups of people, but they do each have significant 
downsides. All of these products-for-prospects are also one-sided. They are great for telling 
people about your business but they do not tell the business much about the potential customer.
A person sitting in on a workshop might be a millionaire looking to spend big or someone who’s just 
been made redundant and is fearful about spending any money at all. You don’t know who’s reading 
your books or attending your events. A scorecard is the perfect product-for-prospects for a 
customer to engage with. It asks your potential clients a series of simple, indirect questions that 
reveal the frustrations or desires they want to address. From their point of view, it’s more 
personalised than a book or a workshop and it requires less time. Research clearly shows that most 
people are willing to give out information about themselves if it saves time and
leads to personalised recommendations.

32                     Scorecard Marketing

83% of consumers are prepared to share their data for a more personalised experience.6

The worst type of product-for-prospects is a one-to-one meeting. Even though it’s a great way to 
get to know someone, it’s time-intensive and an elementary use of a professional’s skills. Anyone 
who could be good at delivering it would be better off doing more advanced work with clients.
A better product-for-prospects is a workshop or a book – they scale, but lack the personalisation 
of a one-to-one meeting and don’t collect much information about your prospective client. People 
sitting in a workshop or reading a book don’t reveal much about themselves.
The scorecard stands out as the best product-for-prospects because it is scalable, collects 
valuable information and delivers a personalised experience. They are the ultimate first step 
towards a bigger sale.


ACTION STEP
Consider what it’s like not to know much about your product:
1. What are the top questions people want answered before they buy from you?
2. What information do you wish more people under- stood so they see the full value of what you do?

EMOTION, LOGIC AND URGENCY

Even after you’ve warmed someone up and they’ve engaged with a product-for-prospects, not everyone 
will buy from you. Every day thousands of people walk into an Apple Retail Store and don’t buy – 
even though they are warm to doing business with Apple and even though they can take workshops
or talk to Apple geniuses if they want to.
Let’s not kid ourselves: humans are a fickle bunch who only buy things when the conditions are just 
right. Getting people to buy something is like launching a rocket – if things aren’t exactly right, 
the countdown to ignition sequence won’t even start.
For a sale to be made, three psychological ingredients must be present:
1.  Emotion – People need to feel a certain way about the business they are buying from. First, 
they need to feel respected, understood and that a sense of trust has been established. Then they 
need to feel some form of emotional pay-off would be achieved by buy- ing. Emotions are normally 
about the stories we tell


33

34                     Scorecard Marketing

ourselves. These stories have heroes and villains. They have struggles and triumphs. There is often 
fear and greed involved.
2.  Logic – People need to understand the practical reasons why they should buy. This normally 
means calculating a clear return on investment (ROI), a cost-benefit analysis or making a 
comparison with al- ternatives. Most logical arguments can be made using facts, statistics, 
diagrams and data.
3.  Urgency – Even when someone understands the logic of buying and feels an emotional connection 
to the purchase, they must also feel that it’s important to make a decision now. A sense of urgency 
comes when we feel that there is a cost associated with inaction. We might miss out on something we 
want, the pur- chase could become more expensive, the quality might deteriorate or the availability 
could dry up. Without a sense of urgency, people delay making decisions.
A business making a lot of sales has succeeded in mixing all three of these ingredients together 
elegantly and in the right proportions.
Emotion, logic and urgency are what customers need to feel before buying. These ingredients often 
form little loops of attention, engagement and action. Attention, engagement and action are what 
marketers need from customers so they can measure what’s working.

Emotion, Logic And Urgency                 35












A powerful marketing campaign will capture your attention with something that sparks an emotion. 
Then, it will engage your mind with something factual or interesting to consider. Finally, it will 
ask you to take an action that feels increasingly urgent.
Loops of emotion, logic and urgency can be small or they can be drawn out. You might see an ad on 
Facebook with an image of a beautiful couple staring romantically into each other’s eyes. This 
sparks emotion. Then the advertising copy says, ‘Romantic package holidays are on sale now. 
Five-star accommodation, flights and car hire all included. Daily flights to the most highly rated 
destinations with flight times under four hours.’ This is the logical information you need to start 
considering this purchase. Finally, the ad might say, ‘Sale ends at midnight’, giving you an urgent 
reason to click the link and take a look at what’s on offer. This advertisement contains all three 
elements of emotion, logic and urgency in a fast loop.

36                     Scorecard Marketing

A much slower loop might be for the purchase of a new car. Billboard images on the motorway might 
communicate luxury, prestige, safety and status. The company website would contain detailed 
information about the vehicle specifications. Talking to a salesperson might reveal that there’s 
only one left in stock with everything you want; otherwise, you’ll have to join a waiting list to 
get it factory produced. This loop could take weeks for a customer to complete and they might not 
even be aware of the steps their brain went through.
ON A SCALE OF ONE TO TEN
Performance marketing is a type of marketing designed around these stages of emotion, logic and 
urgency that creates the right conditions for people to feel inspired to buy. This type of approach 
measures and optimises how much positive attention your business can get using the right emotional 
hook, the amount of engagement you get from people as they interact and share data about themselves 
and, finally, the number of people who take a desired action.
One of the ways to integrate logic and emotion is to quantify a person’s situation. Have you 
noticed that doctors ask their patients, ‘On a scale of one to ten, how painful is it?’ This 
powerful question gets the human brain to engage emotion and logic simultaneously. The emotion is 
the pain and the logic is the number the patient assigns to it.
When people quantify things, they are a step closer to looking for solutions and improvements. You 
can ask customers to rate their levels of satisfaction with all sorts of things. As

Emotion, Logic And Urgency                 37

a general rule, if a customer rates something as a seven out of ten or above, it’s satisfactory and 
won’t get much attention. If it drops below a four, it’s becoming unbearable and the customer will 
likely want to take action.
The way people view the world can also change quickly with new information. If a mechanic shows you 
a report that says your car tyres are dangerously close to blowing out and your brake pads are worn 
down below the safety standards, you will rapidly move from being broadly satisfied with your car 
to looking for a solution. Diagnosing someone’s situation effectively and giving them a means of 
scoring themselves is a remarkably fast way of moving people from having a dormant dissatisfaction 
to an explicit desire.
A scorecard is a perfectly designed loop with all of these principles in mind.

70% of consumers feel a company’s understanding of their personal needs influences their loyalty.7

The scorecard landing page contains emotional hooks and logical reasons to entice someone to answer 
a questionnaire, and the questions create engagement. At the end, the results page inspires action 
because it quantifies people’s situations – the dynamic content speaks directly to the reader and 
gives them a relevant next step and a special offer.
This elegant approach is designed to create momentum and flow by integrating logic, emotion and 
urgency in just a few

38                     Scorecard Marketing

minutes. It speeds up the process of ticking all of the boxes people need so that the conditions 
are right to buy.


ACTION STEP
Apply this understanding of emotion, logic and urgency to your business:
1. What are the top three emotional reasons people buy from your business?
2. What are the top three logical reasons people should buy from your business?
3. Why is it sensible for people to buy from you now rather than in the future?

SCORING, RANKING AND IMPROVING

Humans have a relentless desire to score, rank, optimise and evaluate everything. Our deep-seated 
need to know how we rank against a consistent, unmoving set of standards is fundamental to the way 
we have evolved and it affects us from cradle to grave.
Receiving feedback is another deeply ingrained human need. You can kill someone’s motivation for 
work or achievement if you refuse to give them any form of feedback on how they are progressing. 
Taking away the scoreboard from a sport would cause a loss of interest in playing or watching the 
game. A scoreboard is the culmination of logic, emotion and urgency captured and displayed as a set 
of numbers.
Once we can measure something, we love to optimise and improve it. It is part of our evolutionary 
advantage: our ancient ancestors who didn’t care about measuring and improving didn’t survive. We 
don’t simply accept things as they are – we measure anything that can be measured and look for ways 
to improve.




39

40                     Scorecard Marketing














With that comes a desire to rank ourselves. It’s not enough to go skiing – people need to know if 
they are a beginner, intermediate or advanced skier. It’s not enough to play golf – we need to 
calculate our handicap. It’s not enough to run a good business – we need to know our revenue, 
profit, cashflow and growth numbers.
In a work environment, a hallmark of an excellent manager is one who gives great feedback to their 
team. They keep score of key metrics and let their team know how they’re progressing and how to 
improve. If a manager gets this one thing right, they will be respected and admired by their peers. 
A manager who gives little feedback or guidance will be rejected; if their feedback is inconsistent 
or unfair, they will be despised.
Preschool children respond to a chart with gold stars on it. They will alter their behaviour to 
gain additional gold stars. CEOs of publicly traded companies use their stock price as a scoreboard 
and change their focus in an attempt to make

Scoring, Ranking And Improving               41

that little line move slightly up the chart. Elderly people gain health and wellness benefits when 
they engage in measurable community activities like charity fundraising or a bridge championship. A 
scorecard strengthens our will to live.
A SCORING SYSTEM IS GOOD FOR BUSINESS
One of the most powerful ways to make your business and your marketing more engaging therefore is 
to link it to a scoring system. Scoring something has the effect of gamifying it. It draws people 
in, energises them and holds their attention for longer. This is all down to the primal part of our 
brain that believes measuring, improving and ranking are linked to survival and reproduction.
Having seen thousands of companies set up an online questionnaire, quiz or assessment, I know how 
people will enthusiastically engage with a set of questions that have a point system attached.
Some examples that act as powerful hooks to capture attention and get people to engage might be:
» Are you ready to find the love of your life?
Answer these twelve questions and discover if you can improve your dating success.
» Is your business scalable? Answer forty questions, developed by business experts, and discover 
your scalability score.
» Is poor sleep damaging your health? To find out, answer the top twenty questions sleep experts 
ask you.

42                     Scorecard Marketing

» Should you ask for a pay increase, change jobs or improve your skills? This scorecard will give 
you a clear answer on how to advance your career.
Take the quiz and find out.
» Answer fifteen questions and see if your parenting style will empower your children to succeed 
and be happy. You will also receive three easy tips to improve, tailored to you.
When you read these headlines, part of your brain lights up and wants to know the answer. You want 
to know how you score and how to improve.
Before people buy your products and services, they need to see what area of their life is going to 
improve as a result. Once they understand what your products and services improve, they want to 
know where they currently rank and how far forward they could move the score by working with you.
Your customers have probably never described their desires to you in these terms, but deep inside 
their mind they are making calculations. What important area of life is this helping me with? How 
am I currently performing in this area of life? How can I improve? How much effort would it take? 
What impact would that effort have on my ability to survive and reproduce?
If you can make these calculations clear for people, and it stacks up, their desire to buy from you 
is rapidly heightened.
Beneath every purchase is a latent desire to change and improve an important area of life. Many 
people are not

Scoring, Ranking And Improving               43

consciously aware of this, but it impacts their decisions. That hardwired desire to score and 
improve sits beneath every product or service we buy.

98% of marketers believe personalisation advances customer relationships.8

In Part Two, we’ll explore a step-by-step approach to creating an online scorecard for your 
potential clients. It will identify a dormant desire, raise awareness of a psychological tension, 
give people a way to score or rank their performance and make it easy for you to warm people up to 
buying the right product or service.


ACTION STEP
Tune into what your customers are trying to measure and improve:
1. What important areas of life does your business improve?
2. How might someone score themselves today if they wanted to improve that area of life in the next 
three months?
3. What specific things does your business do that can be measured and improved?





PART TWO
SETTING UP A SCORECARD



BUILDING YOUR SCORECARD

On paper we had just completed the most successful six weeks of our careers, but it didn’t feel 
that way. It was 2013 and, despite making millions, our little team were on the verge of burnout.
We had just run three large Become a Key Person of Influ- ence events in Melbourne, Sydney and 
Brisbane. Each event was hosted in a theatre auditorium for 600 people. With an amazing line-up of 
guest speakers, we held the audience’s atten- tion with a full day of stories, strategies and 
activities. At the end of each event, we invited people to meet with us to discuss joining our 
flagship Key Person of Influence Accelerator.
About 200 people from each event would book into our strategy sessions, creating two weeks of 
back-to-back board- room meetings starting at 8am and finishing at 6.30pm every day. By the end of 
the six weeks, our small, young team had generated close to AU$1.5 million in sales.
On the surface it looked glamorous – standing on a big stage in front of hundreds of people and 
then hosting business strategy meetings in fancy boardrooms. In reality it was intense, demanding 
and expensive, but we didn’t have any other way.

47

48                     Scorecard Marketing

The big events gave people information about our business and communicated our value through a 
powerful and mem- orable approach. The strategy sessions were a vital way for us to learn more 
about each person and make sure they were qualified for our programmes.
At the time, we couldn’t see an alternative method of showcasing our value and then learning enough 
about people to get the right clients. We thought we had to just keep doing things the way we were 
and learn to accept it. Fortunately, we were wrong.
In the background, Steven Oddy, now the CEO of ScoreApp, was working on a new innovation that was 
about to change everything – the Key Person of Influence Scorecard.
UNPRECEDENTED RESULTS
This scorecard had a powerful landing page that communicated our value, a questionnaire to qualify 
people and a results page and PDF report to give people bespoke information about their situation.
In under five minutes, people found out more about us and how we could help them. We thought this 
would be helpful for making sales but we didn’t realise it would completely transform our business.
In the first month 171 people completed the scorecard. This was followed by 181 the next month and 
then over 200 people in the third month. Each person told us over fifty

Building Your Scorecard                   49

things about themself. We knew their business size, their frustrations, their achievements and 
their goals. We knew more about the people we had never met than most of the people we had had a 
two-hour strategy session with face to face.
It didn’t take long to achieve a steady stream of 500+ people per month taking the scorecard. Those 
people received an automatic invitation to attend a strategy session and started booking themselves 
in. When we met with people, they almost always had a printout of their scorecard report. They were 
excited about engaging with us to talk about how to improve their scores.
Rather than having to run big events costing tens of thousands of dollars, we channelled that money 
into promoting our scorecards. More scorecards were filled in, more strategy session bookings came 
in automatically and more and more people joined our accelerator programme. It was consistent, 
manageable and enjoyable. We weren’t burning out our team with intense campaigns and we were 
exceeding our sales targets.
The ScoreApp scorecard is now more advanced and more effective than the one we launched back in 
2014. It contains all of the learnings and strategies we’ve developed since then.

50                     Scorecard Marketing

SCOREAPP
We are about to start building your scorecard step by step. If you haven’t done so already, create 
an account with ScoreApp.com. You can create a free trial account using this link: 
www.scoreapp.com/book-trial
If this approach turns out not to be for you, you can easily cancel your trial at any time and it 
will have cost you nothing. There are no long-term contracts.
If it works for your business, you’ll pay a monthly fee that is tiny in comparison to the value of 
the qualified leads you’ll get. As a customer of ScoreApp, you’ll also be part of our community of 
business owners and mar- keting managers who are using this approach. It’s a powerful way to learn 
and improve in a fun environ- ment.
To make an effective digital scorecard, you’ll need to get just four things right, and ScoreApp 
seamlessly creates these for you:
1. A beautiful landing page that clearly communicates your value and the reason to complete a short 
ques- tionnaire.
2. A questionnaire with a point-scoring system that asks people qualifying questions to establish 
whether they could benefit from what you have to offer.

Building Your Scorecard                   51

3. A results page that shows people how they scored and gives them personalised recommendations 
(you can also deliver this as a PDF download).
4. A sales and marketing approach that includes leads, data insights and tools to get people to 
com- plete your scorecard and allows you to follow up the warm leads.
Here’s what people say about ScoreApp:
‘ScoreApp and LinkedIn are a match made in heaven.’
— Helen Pritchard, LinkedIn training specialist
‘ScoreApp is at the cutting-edge of this digital revolution and accelerating the ability we all 
have to build better relationships with our audiences, and faster than we ever could before in a 
digital setting.’ — Josh Smith, digital marketing expert
‘It generates an abundance of great leads. If I could only recommend ONE tool for growing a fitness 
business, it would be ScoreApp.’ — Jamie Alderton, fitness industry influencer
‘I see countless marketing ideas and strategies – scorecard marketing stands out. This is a great 
innovation that combines data analytics with the psychological principles that get people excited 
to buy. This book takes you step by step through the process of getting your first scorecard 
campaign up and running successfully.’
— Allan Dib, bestselling author of The 1-Page Marketing Plan

52                     Scorecard Marketing

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How long does it take to set up a scorecard?
Most people who use a ScoreApp template are set up within an hour. You might then want to tweak and 
improve your scorecard as you get feedback from your customers. It’s not dissimilar to setting up a 
LinkedIn profile, you can easily get the basics done and then add to it over time.
The most important thing is that it starts giving you back time. Lead generation and qualification 
is one of the most expensive and time-consuming jobs in any business. The little bit of time you 
invest setting up an automated marketing system like ScoreApp will pay huge dividends in time and 
money.
Do I need to have basic coding skills?
You don’t need any coding skills to use ScoreApp. If you are comfortable using software like Google 
Docs or setting up a social media profile, you will be comfortable using ScoreApp. If you get 
stuck, we have real humans who can help you (just click the Help button on the bot- tom-right of 
the portal). We also have a community on Facebook where you can ask questions and get ideas from 
other ScoreApp clients.
What you do need is some creativity. You’ll need to come up with an engaging way of describing what 
you do and

Building Your Scorecard                   53

asking people about their situation. After that, you’ll want to find fun ways to give people 
insights and get them buying from your business. If you already have paying customers, you have the 
raw materials you need to succeed with ScoreApp.
What if it doesn’t work for me?
If ScoreApp isn’t performing, there are many ways to improve your scorecard so you generate leads. 
Asking questions in our ScoreApp Facebook group will get helpful responses. You can also watch case 
studies and see examples of high-performing scorecards. If you’re still not convinced, you can 
cancel ScoreApp at any time.
The businesses that struggle with ScoreApp are those that are not clear about the value they offer 
to clients and the specific problems they solve. If you are clear about what you can do for a 
customer and why it’s import- ant, you are likely to succeed with ScoreApp.
If it works so well, why is it so cheap?
Lead generation is an expensive part of any business. Most businesses are used to paying big money 
for anything that helps. Many leading software tools cost several thousand dollars per year on top 
of expert-lead setup costs. Advertising budgets often run into the tens of thousands per month. 
ScoreApp is a laser-focused

54                     Scorecard Marketing

tool designed for small businesses to harness the power of data. We want it to be affordable for 
the majority of businesses.
Won’t everyone have a scorecard soon?
Millions of businesses now have a podcast, YouTube channel or book that they use to promote what 
they do, and these tools are still effective. At the time of writ- ing, only a few thousand 
businesses globally are using ScoreApp.
Still not sure if it would work for you? Take the Scorecard Readiness Assessment to check if your 
business would benefit from scorecard marketing: www.scoreapp. com/quizready

STEP 1:
YOUR LANDING PAGE

Imagine a perfect potential client for your business is on LinkedIn and they see a post you’ve 
written. Something about it catches their attention and they click on a link to the scorecard 
you’ve mentioned, arriving at a landing page.
The landing page is the first thing your potential clients will see. It’s not the front page of 
your normal website, it’s a dedicated page designed to get people to complete your scorecard. It 
has one clear objective – to get people to start a questionnaire.
Your landing page communicates your credibility and gives people a clear pathway to something they 
want. It’s nicely designed, there are friendly faces of real people and there are desirable bonuses 
listed for people who complete the questionnaire. There’s a nice big button that says ‘Start the 
Quiz’ or ‘Discover Your Score’.
Your perfect client thinks, ‘Well this only takes a few minutes, I’m curious to know what my score 
would be – I’ll answer a few questions and this will tell me something I’d like to know.’ They 
click the button and your landing page has successfully done its job.
55

56                     Scorecard Marketing

To achieve this, you need to complete the following four simple steps:
1. Create a concept
2. Select a template
3. Improve the landing page
4. Start the quiz

1. CREATE A CONCEPT
Your scorecard concept is based on what your perfect potential customers would want to score 
themselves on.
A relationship therapist’s clients would want to score themselves for the quality of their 
relationship. They might complete the ‘Happy Marriage Scorecard’ or the ‘Better Relationship Quiz’.
A cybersecurity expert would have potential clients looking to identify their IT security threats. 
They would engage with a landing page that said, ‘Can you improve your IT security? Take the 
Cybersecurity Scorecard.’
A fitness trainer’s potential clients want to lose weight and feel great. Their potential clients 
would connect with a landing page that said, ‘Are you ready to lose weight and feel great? Take the 
scorecard to discover how to speed up your results.’
What would your potential customers want to engage with? What scorecard would they want to complete 
to know if you can help them?

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  57














Some scorecards help people move towards something they want. The concept is about achieving a goal 
and getting a prize: for example, the ‘Grow Your Business Scorecard’ or the ‘Run Your First 
Marathon Scorecard’.
Some scorecards help to remove a pain or frustration. For example, ‘Want to reduce your work 
stress? Take this scorecard’ or ‘Avoid being hacked – take this quiz for personalised 
recommendations to reduce your risks’ are both concepts based on removing potential pain.
Other approaches that work well are about being ready to begin something, like a preflight 
checklist. Some examples could be, ‘Are you ready to buy your first home? Take this scorecard’ or 
‘Should you buy a franchise? Complete this questionnaire to see if you are suitable.’
One more example that many people engage with is discovering which category they fit into. For 
example, ‘Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Take this quiz to find out’ or

58                     Scorecard Marketing

‘Discover your natural leadership style – complete this quiz and find out your leader profile.’
Finally, sometimes people want to test their knowledge. They answer a quiz to see how many 
questions they can get right. For example, ‘Test your property investing knowledge – take the quiz 
to see if you are up to date’ or ‘Do you know the latest advertising trends? Test your expertise 
with this short quiz.’
If you’ve produced content for your business in the past, you might already have a good concept 
you’re known for. If you already have a book, YouTube channel or podcast, you should definitely 
have a scorecard that goes with it. Not only will this give your viewers, readers and listeners 
something to do, but it will also identify them to you. The best leads you’ll ever get are people 
who are engaging with your content and then happily signalling their interest by completing a 
scorecard.


ACTION STEP
What do you think your potential clients might want to score? Fill in the blanks to explore a few 
options:
» Are you ready to       ?
» What type of       are you?
» Improve your……………….
» Reduce unwanted……………….
»  How good is your       ?
» Test your knowledge on………………

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  59

PRO TIP
Come up with a few concepts and ask your followers on social media which they prefer. You can use a 
poll or just ask people to comment on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook or Instagram.
For example, you could post:
‘I’m developing an online assessment for people who plan to run a marathon. Which option do you 
prefer?’
Option 1. ‘Are you ready to run your first marathon? Take this scorecard.’
Option 2. ‘The Marathon Runner Scorecard – Are you ready to reduce your finish time?’
Option 3. ‘The Marathon Runner Checklist – Are you training effectively to run pain-free?’

2. SELECT A TEMPLATE
ScoreApp has plenty of templates to choose from. They are designed by experts to be effective at 
capturing attention, communicating value and getting people to take action. Each template can be 
easily edited. You can change the text, images and colours with a few clicks.
Use the template as a starting point for creating a scorecard that is unique to your business. Look 
for a design you feel suits your business – something similar to your website or your bro- chures, 
or that fits with the style you want to be known for.

60                     Scorecard Marketing

Don’t worry about the specific text, images or colours; they are all easily changed. It’s also easy 
to start again with a new template if you change your mind.


ACTION STEP
Log in to your account at ScoreApp.com, click on the button that says ‘Create Scorecard’ and choose 
a template that catches your eye (don’t overthink it).

PRO TIP
You don’t have to use a template if you want to design something that is more unique to your 
business. If you’re comfortable with websites like WordPress, Canva or Wix, you’ll have the skills 
to design landing pages from scratch in ScoreApp.


3. IMPROVE THE LANDING PAGE
Great landing pages make people feel comfortable engaging further. They create feelings of desire 
to get started – to click the call-to-action button that initiates the questionnaire. A great 
landing page gives clarity about how someone will benefit from your scorecard and why your business 
is credible. It also creates a feeling of connection with your perfect customer. Clarity, 
credibility and connection are key, followed by the call to action (CTA).

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  61

Clarity is about articulating the benefits your scorecard offers people. Tell people specifically 
what your scorecard will help them to improve or the stresses it will remove. On your landing page 
include sentences like, ‘This health and fitness scorecard will improve four key areas – you’ll 
improve your diet, get better results in the gym, have more confidence and achieve deeper sleep.’
Don’t assume that people automatically know what you know; instead, list all of the things that 
they stand to gain if they start this journey. Clarify the pain points that could be removed if 
they gain more insights and focus.
To drive home the value, you could offer additional bonuses for completing the scorecard. Perhaps 
give them a free copy of a book, a ticket to an event, or a consultation. Not only will they have 
the personalised recommendations your scorecard offers, but they will also gain valuable resources 
as well.
It’s important to tell people that the scorecard is quick and easy to complete. You don’t want them 
thinking they have to sit a forty-five-minute exam. Let them know on the landing page what to 
expect; for example, ‘It typically takes less than three minutes to answer all twenty simple 
questions.’
Credibility is the next vital ingredient. Remember that most people who see your landing page don’t 
know you well. They don’t know if you are experienced or a novice; they aren’t sure if they should 
trust you.
Tell people about your experience, your research and your awards. You could say, ‘This scorecard is 
based on fifteen years

62                     Scorecard Marketing

of experience working with over 1,000 businesses. Our team have won multiple awards and been part 
of academic research projects. We are trusted by household name brands.’
Sharing your credibility is not about being boastful or self-obsessed. It’s the opposite: you are 
giving people the information they need to be able to evaluate that you are a trusted source of 
information and advice. It’s important to your potential clients to know more about you and your 
background. They want to trust you, so give them tangible reasons why they can.
Connection is the final ingredient of an effective landing page. People look at the landing page to 
get a sense or a feeling about whether it is designed for them or not. The design of the page is 
important – the images, colours and fonts all communicate something about you.
By glancing at a page, it should be easy to see if it is designed for corporate professionals, 
families, couples, fitness enthusi- asts or whoever you are targeting. Do you want to show how 
vibrant and energising your business is? Then make sure you choose colours and images that are 
vibrant and energising.
Connection is also about eye contact and smiles. One of the best ways to get people to feel a 
greater connection with your landing page is to put a photo of you or your team on the page. This 
immediately reassures someone that real people are behind this business. You can boost the 
effectiveness of most landing pages with a quality, smiling profile photo.
ScoreApp makes it easy to add images to your landing page from your own image library or to choose 
from a royalty-

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  63

free image library that’s built into the platform. Make sure you choose pictures that show people 
what your business does and, more importantly, what your customers achieve as a result.
Do your customers want to see pictures of gym equipment or people who have improved their fitness? 
Would they be encouraged by an image of someone coaching a client or of someone who now has the 
career they dreamed of? Do they want to see pictures of your developers coding away at their screen 
or your clients launching their new online store and getting new business? Most people engage more 
with images of people like themselves achieving a desired result.


ACTION STEP
Write the text that you want to use on your landing page. Include a description of what your 
scorecard helps people to improve and why it’s a valuable use of time. Be sure to include your bio 
or your company’s story as a way of showing your credibility.

PRO TIP
A professional designer or photographer can create unique images that truly represent your brand.

64

4. START THE QUIZ
Scorecard Marketing
Everything on the landing page should lead towards one out- come – you want people to start the 
scorecard by clicking a button and entering their information. ScoreApp automati- cally makes these 
buttons big and obvious on the page. Often, you’ll have a call-to-action button both at the top of 
the page and at the bottom so people can always see it.
The call-to-action button should say something like ‘Start the Scorecard’ or ‘Answer the Fifteen 
Questions Now’ or ‘Begin the Quiz’. Experiment with different ways of asking people to click 
through to begin your scorecard but if you’ve been clear with the value and shown that you’re 
credible, and if they feel a connection to your business, they’ll engage.


ACTION STEP
Get your landing page set up in ScoreApp. Once you’ve spent some time on the text, images, colours 
and fonts ask a trusted friend or colleague for feed- back. In particular, are they clear about the 
value it offers? Do they understand why you are a reliable source of information?
Just by looking at the page, do they get a sense that your business cares and real people are 
behind this business?

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  65
PRO TIP
When choosing images, pick the ones that represent the result people want, not the process of 
getting there.


THE LEAD FORM
When someone starts a scorecard, they begin by putting their details into a lead capture form. It 
will typically ask them for their name and email address. You can easily set up the lead form to 
capture any other information you want.
Many ScoreApp scorecards use the lead form to collect a phone number, location and job title. It’s 
also possible to create a drop-down menu option on the lead form to ask people for information 
about their current situation – for example, ‘What level of experience do you have?’ or ‘What is 
the size of your organisation?’ You can make these questions ‘optional’ so people don’t have to 
select an answer, or you can make them ‘required’.
Even if a person doesn’t complete the questionnaire, you will have the information they provide in 
the lead form. You can even set up an ‘abandon email’ that automatically goes out if someone 
doesn’t finish your questionnaire – it lets them pick up where they left off.

66                     Scorecard Marketing

PRO TIP
Some ScoreApp clients want to let people complete the questionnaire first and then enter their 
details at the end. This can be more effective if you want the questionnaire data more than you 
want the person’s details. When you put the lead form at the end of the questionnaire, people will 
see a basic display of their overall score but they will have to fill in the lead form to see their 
full results and recommendations.


GDPR compliance
The General Data Protection Regulation (2016) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and 
privacy in the European Union and the European Economic Area. The most important aspects are that 
you collect data with people’s consent, store their data safely, delete data if requested and you 
are able to let people know what data you are keeping about them if they require. ScoreApp works 
with a leading law firm to help you comply with these laws easily and automatically. Many of the 
important aspects of GDPR compliance are built into our systems and if there are major changes, we 
take steps to address them.
There are comprehensive checklists and other informa- tion at www.gdpr.eu

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  67

THE ONLY TRUTH IS THE RESULTS
You want people to stop what they are doing and start your questionnaire. Some highly effective 
landing pages are short and sharp, other high-converting landing pages have thousands of words and 
dozens of images. I have seen a landing page with less than 100 words and one image succeed at 
getting people to click the button and start the quiz.
Creating a landing page is not a competition judged by expert writers and art critics. It’s your 
customers who cast the votes with their actions. Measuring ‘conversion’ – how many people arrive at 
your landing page versus the number of people who start your scorecard – is very useful.


PRO TIP
ScoreApp allows you to create several versions of a landing page and then shows you the conversion 
statis- tics so you can decide which version is the best.


‘Making a few tweaks to our landing page massively improved conversions – more than double 
actually! I asked people in the ScoreApp Facebook group what they would change and I got some great 
feedback. After these changes were made, people were much clearer about why they should take my 
scorecard.’
— Jonathan Bird, Delivered Social

68                     Scorecard Marketing

CASE STUDY: BUNKIE LIFE
A ‘Bunkie’ originates from Ontario, Canada and is a small log cabin that can be built in a weekend 
without a permit or second mortgage, and can be used as a guest house, office or Airbnb.
Bunkie Life was founded in 2018 by avid Bunkie user David Fraser and helps families create extra 
space for more meaningful connection.

THE CHALLENGE
Bunkie Life burst onto the scene with a unique product and a powerful media strategy. Although the 
enquiries started to roll in, it was clear to David that there was a lot of excitement but not 
enough people were in a position to buy.
With the business still in its infancy and a Bunkie a relatively unknown concept, it was imperative 
that the Bunkie Life team were equally as focused on educa- tion as they were on promotion. That 
way they could set expectations, gauge buyer readiness and manage the incoming enquiries 
effectively.

THE SOLUTION
David created the scorecard ‘Are You Ready for the Bunkie Life?’ with the clear strategy of 
creating an ev- ergreen asset that segmented their incoming leads

Step 1: Your Landing Page                  69


by testing people against their knowledge, situation and lifestyle.
https://bunkielife.scoreapp.com
Armed with information and data on their strengths and weaknesses, Bunkie Life added each person to 
an email nurture campaign in accordance with their score. The most promising prospects received a 
call from the Bunkie team while the others were fed free educational material that would help them 
along their journey. Win- win.

PROMOTION
Bunkie Life use video and media to their advantage, with David’s family at the heart of his 
business. His young daughter, Evie, is one of the stars of the show.
Setting up his scorecard helped David to identify the top twenty questions that he needed answers 
for to as- certain if someone would be a viable Bunkie Lifer. This saved a huge amount of time and 
allowed the business to turn the marketing tap on.

THE RESULTS
One of their latest campaigns (Jan/Feb 2022) saw over 13,000 leads and climbing with an almost 
unmatched 97% conversion rate.

70                     Scorecard Marketing


They’ve tripled revenue year-on-year since launching their scorecard, growing from £800K in 2019 to 
£2.4 million in 2020 and £7 million in 2021. In 2021 Bunkie Life secured £1 million in Dragons’ Den 
investment from all five Dragons.
Over 50% of all sales have come through the scorecard. That equates to £3.5 million in 2021.

STEP 2: A QUESTIONNAIRE

Your perfect client has seen the landing page, they like it, they trust it and they want more. They 
click the button and start the questionnaire, which should ask questions that get them thinking, 
evaluate their current behaviour and reveal information about their situation.
This is a win-win process of discovery. By evaluating their own thinking, knowledge and behaviour, 
the person completing the scorecard can gain valuable insights and get closer to achieving a goal.
For you, this process gathers useful facts about your prospective client. The information will help 
you to connect with them and make personalised recommendations. It will allow you to make more 
sales, to the right type of clients, every time.

71% of consumers feel frustrated when a shopping experience is impersonal.9

The questionnaire should be fast, fun and give you the facts you need. Your scorecard should take 
no more than a few minutes to complete, with questions that are thoughtful and easy to answer.
71

72                     Scorecard Marketing
A CREATIVE APPROACH TO ASKING THE RIGHT QUESTIONS
To begin the process of writing your questionnaire, let’s start with the idea of a checklist.
Imagine you are about to set off on a long holiday. Before you leave the house, you want to make 
sure you haven’t forgotten anything important. Wouldn’t it be helpful to have the perfect checklist 
from an expert traveller available to you? An example might be:
» Do you have your passport? Yes/No
» Have you printed your travel itinerary? Yes/No
» Have you packed your running shoes? Yes/No
» Have you thrown away any food that could go off while you are away? Yes/No
» Have you booked transport to your hotel? Yes/No
As you run through the list, you identify things you need to do or you put your mind at ease.
You can apply this idea to writing your first scorecard. Your clients want to get to a destination 
too. They want to achieve a goal or remove a stress. You are more experienced and knowledgeable 
than they are in this area and you can ask questions to discover if they are on track.
The best types of questions are usually simple yes or no questions, such as: ‘Have you…?’, ‘Do 
you…?’, ‘Did you…?’, ‘Are there…?’, ‘Does it…?’, ‘Will you…?’ You want to ask

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   73

people questions they can answer without having to go away and check.
If someone wanted to get better sleep, you might ask them these questions before trying to help 
them improve their situation:
» Do you go to bed at the same time each night?  Yes/No
» Do you often drink coffee after midday? Yes/No
» Is your room cool, quiet and dark in the morning?
Yes/No
» Do you typically use technology like iPads and computer games after 8pm? Yes/No
» Do you often eat a heavy meal later than 8pm?  Yes/No
Answering ‘no’ to most of these questions would produce a bad ‘sleep score’ and probably indicate a 
person is not getting a good night’s sleep. Depending on how they answer, you can identify what 
might be causing this.

74                     Scorecard Marketing

ACTION STEP
Think about a typical result your clients are trying to achieve when they work with you. What yes 
or no questions could you ask someone to evaluate their current likelihood of getting this result? 
Try to think of ten questions for your checklist.

PRO TIP
Any nonfiction book can be turned into a scorecard simply by asking one or two questions for each 
of the chapters. A scorecard becomes a perfect accompa- niment for your book and turns your readers 
into hot leads you can connect with.


Here are some examples of effective questions:

Health and fitness checklist
» Do you work out in a gym three or more times per week?
» Do you actively try to improve your cardio strength?
» Do you lift weights that feel quite heavy for you?
» Do you plan your meals for the week in advance?
» Do you know how many calories you need to consume each day to reach your goal?
» Do you track your calories each day?

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   75

Business growth checklist
» Do you use a proven process to get the best talent when you hire people?
» Is your team aligned to a few important goals?
» Does every member of your team know exactly how to measure a successful week?
» Do you regularly train your people to improve their skills?
» Are you comfortable letting someone go if they aren’t performing?
» Do you have a marketing budget based on an allowable cost per sale?

OTHER WAYS TO ASK
There’s more than one way to ask a question in ScoreApp.
You can ask people to rate something on a sliding scale. Rather than a simple ‘yes’ or ‘no’, you 
might want to know the answer to, ‘To what degree do you feel…?’ or ‘On a scale, how important is… 
to you?’ or ‘How often does your business…?’ These answers give people a chance to tell you more 
nuanced information about themselves.
You can also give people checkboxes. This could be useful if you want to ask a question like, ‘What 
software applica- tions do you use regularly?’ because then you can give them a list of options to 
select. People can tick as many of these checkboxes as they like, or leave them all blank.

76                     Scorecard Marketing

Similar to checkboxes are radio buttons. These only allow people to select one answer from the 
list. You might ask the question, ‘Which best describes your current situation?’ and then give a 
few options to choose one from.
You could also ask an open question like ‘What has stopped you in the past from trying XYZ?’, 
although I don’t recommend asking many of these because they slow people down.


PRO TIP
A fun way to make your questions more engaging is to change the label on each answer. Rather than 
‘Yes’ you could put ‘That’s me’ or ‘Totally!’ Instead of ‘No’ you could put ‘No – but I want to try 
it’. I like to add an option to answer with something like ‘I want to get help with this’ or ‘I 
need to discuss this’. If people click that button, it’s easy to give them a call and discuss it; 
after all, they said they want to.


There are a few types of questions that put people off and fre- quently result in them abandoning 
your scorecard altogether. These include:
»  Overly salesy questions – Questions like ‘Are you ready to buy now?’ or ‘If we can get you the 
right solution, would you like to purchase it?’ Trust that if they are filling in the scorecard, 
they are interested in a solution.

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   77

» Leading the witness – A question like ‘Are you frustrated that you don’t have a qualified and 
reliable sales skills trainer?’ is too obvious. You might swap this with ‘Are you frustrated that 
you sometimes don’t know how to handle a difficult sales objection from a customer?’
» Things people have to go and check – The answer to ‘Does your phone plan come up for renewal in 
the next three months?’ isn’t something most people know from memory so they would have to go away 
and check – most of the time they won’t come back. Instead, keep questions simple; for example, 
‘Have you recently signed up for a new phone plan or upgraded your phone?’
» Expert knowledge – Remember that your perfect customers are probably not up to date on the trends 
and terminology that you take for granted. If you ask, ‘Do you practise progressive overload during
your weights training?’, most people won’t understand the question. It’s best to write your 
questions so
that anyone sitting in a coffee shop would be able to understand.

78                     Scorecard Marketing


ACTION STEP
Show your questions to someone outside of your in- dustry and ask them if any seem hard to 
understand, irrelevant or too pushy.


ADDING CATEGORIES
The questionnaire asks people about their behaviour, attitudes and results. To create a more 
advanced questionnaire, you should have some categories that the questions relate to. For example, 
if you wanted to run a checklist on someone’s health goals you might have categories like diet, 
exercise, sleep and mindset.
For each of the categories, you can have questions that relate specifically to that thing. If you 
have a category called ‘Nutrition’ you could have five questions about things that relate to the 
way someone eats. The same scorecard could also have five questions that relate to the category 
‘Exercise’.
If you ask questions for each of these categories, you might discover that someone is stronger in 
some categories than others. They might have a great diet but not exercise often.
Imagine you want to discover if someone is an extrovert or an introvert. These are just two 
categories of personality so you ask questions that help identify which personality type someone 
is. If you asked, ‘Do you feel energised after meeting several new people?’ the answer ‘yes’ would 
lean towards the

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   79
extrovert category and the answer ‘no’ would indicate more introverted tendencies.
















Most of the time, there will be between two and seven categories worth measuring. Here are some 
examples:
» Business Growth – Marketing, Operations, Administration, Leadership
» Relationships – Communication, Conflict Resolution, Connection
» Happiness – Friendships, Stress, Support
» Personality – Introvert, Extrovert
» Running Style – Sprinter, Endurance
» Restaurant Quality – Food, Service, Atmosphere

80                     Scorecard Marketing

‘People are more willing to answer questions on my scorecard than in person. Even if I spoke to 
them for an hour, I don’t think I would find out as much as the scorecard questions reveal in a few 
minutes.’
— Philip Calvert, LinkedIn and marketing keynote speaker


ACTION STEP
What categories typically relate to your scorecard con- cept? Come up with a few variations and ask 
trusted colleagues which ones are worth measuring.

PRO TIP
Create a ‘signature method’ for achieving a goal. You’ve probably seen books that have a signature 
method like 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Steven R Covey¹⁰ or Rich Dad’s Cashflow Quadrant 
by Robert Kiyosaki.¹¹ If you can develop your own approach, this becomes the perfect framework for 
your scorecard categories.


HOW MANY CATEGORIES AND HOW MANY QUESTIONS?
When it comes to scorecards, there are three main ways for people to use them and each has a 
questionnaire that is designed for a purpose.

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   81

Cold leads into warm leads – 1 to 3 categories, 8 to 15 questions
If you are using your scorecard as a first interaction, it’s best to keep it punchy. You might run 
ads on Facebook or Google which lead straight to your landing page, and the people who arrive there 
don’t know much about you. They aren’t going to spend much time there and they don’t trust you yet, 
so focus your scorecard on answering a question that doesn’t require time or trust to understand. 
At the end of your scorecard, suggest more content for people to watch, read or listen to and then 
follow up with a thoughtful email.
Examples
» ‘Are you ready for a serious relationship? Take this quick quiz and find out if you are ready to 
date and relate with the right person.’
» ‘Sell your home for the maximum price! Answer twelve questions on this digital scorecard to see 
if you are ready to get the top price when your house sells.’
» ‘Which holiday destination should you choose?
Answer eight questions and discover the best place for your next getaway.’

82                     Scorecard Marketing
Warm leads into sales meetings – 3 to 7 categories, 20 to 50 questions
If the people arriving at your scorecard are already warm, you can engage with them more; you can 
ask questions and give them more detailed feedback. If someone has read your book, attended your 
workshop, watched your video or listened to your podcast, they are already warm to doing business 
with you and the scorecard is going to prepare them for a perfect sales meeting. Ask all the 
questions that would help you both create a quality working relationship. When you deliver the 
results, give people all the information they need to consider prior to a sales call, send them a 
polite follow-up email with the report and make it easy for them to book a time to have a sales 
conversation.
Examples
» ‘24Assets Scorecard – You’ve read the book, now apply the learnings. Complete this scorecard to 
test where you are strong and where you should focus your effort.’
» ‘Pitch Ready Scorecard – Find out if your business is ready to raise money from professional 
investors, on the best terms.’
» ‘Professional DJ Scorecard – Measure yourself on the five areas of achieving success that will 
fill the dance floor as a professional, high-earning DJ.’

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   83

Clients into raving fans – 3 to 10 categories, 30 to 150 questions
Some people are using scorecards with their paying clients as a way to start the relationship. 
Before they work with a client, they get them to complete an extensive scorecard that highlights 
every detail that could need some attention. The scorecard results guide the relationship and the 
work that gets done. At regular intervals, the client can take the assessment again to see how far 
they have progressed and improved.
One ScoreApp client used their mental health scorecard to win a large engagement with a big team. 
Each member of the team started by completing a scorecard that measured their strategies for 
dealing with stress at work and their attitudes to their working environment. After three months of 
training and support, the same team retook the scorecard and the results were impressive. Neither 
the individuals nor the management could believe how far they had come in just ninety days. 
Needless to say, it led to more work because the data showed how successful the programme was.
Examples
» ‘The Wheel of Life Satisfaction Assessment – Answer 70 questions and identify the areas of 
greatest impact to improve your life in the next 90 days.’
» ‘The Executive 360 Scorecard – This comprehensive assessment will support you and your executive 
coach to plan and implement change.’

84                     Scorecard Marketing

» ‘The IT Security Annual Check-in – This questionnaire is designed to highlight areas of risk in 
your IT
systems and should be revisited at least every 12 months.’
SCORING THE ANSWERS
ScoreApp lets you ask questions and then score the answers. You can assign or deduct points for 
each answer given. These points are automatically calculated on the results page and those who 
complete the scorecard receive personalised information based on how they scored.
Assigning points is a fun way to give your questionnaire more impact and meaning, as you decide 
what’s important for moving people towards their goal. To keep things simple, assign one point for 
each answer that does this. If you want to be more advanced, you can deduct points for the opposite 
and you could even consider weighting your answers with extra points for the content that has 
greater impact.
When I was creating the ‘Key Person of Influence Scorecard’, I already had the big concept, based 
on my book of the same name. I also knew the categories because, in my book, I had a method called 
the 5Ps – Pitching, Publishing, Products, Profile and Partnerships – which were perfect to measure 
people against.
The parts I had to get creative with were the questions and the point-scoring system. When I was 
coming up with questions for the ‘Publish’ category, I asked questions like:

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   85

» Have you written a blog or an article in the last month?
» Have you published academic research?
» Have you written a book that relates to your current business?
It’s easy to see that the answers to these questions shouldn’t be weighted the same. Writing a blog 
this month is not the same as writing a book. To keep it fair, I assigned more points for writing a 
book than for the academic papers, and fewer points for the blog or article than for the academic 
papers.


ACTION STEP
Log in to your ScoreApp portal and create some catego- ries to score people on. Under each 
category, write three to seven questions that assess how someone is performing in that category. 
Next to each answer, assign some points. Typically, people assign (or deduct) between one and five 
points, depending on the signifi- cance of the question and answer.

PRO TIP
If you want to add some questions that don’t relate to any of the categories, ScoreApp has a 
section called ‘Uncategorised Questions’. These questions could

86                     Scorecard Marketing


relate to overall performance or general issues. This is also a good place to add one or two cheeky 
questions you want to know the answer to. You might want to ask something like ‘Does your company 
have a budget for XYZ?’ or ‘How urgently do you want to start making changes?’ These qualifying 
questions are pure gold when the time comes to talk to people and make sales.

GET PEOPLE THINKING
The questionnaire should be designed to be fast, fun and focused on exploring people’s problems and 
results. Any question that brings latent or dormant desires to the surface is especially powerful.
Imagine a CEO who doesn’t spend much time thinking about cybersecurity threats answering a 
scorecard that asks things like:
» If your Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system was hacked, would you know the urgent steps 
to take?
» If a scammer locked you out of your own computer systems and threatened to delete everything 
unless they received a payment, would you know what to do?
» Are your employees trained on how to spot fake social media accounts and suspicious emails?

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   87

With a few short questions, that CEO has gone from almost zero interest in cybersecurity to being 
highly aware of some shortcomings that need to be addressed.
The questions you ask are not just things you want to know about people; these are the things you 
want your potential customers to tune into.


CASE STUDY: SCALE ACADEMY
Carolin and her team work with service-based business owners to scale their companies with ease and 
ele- gance. ScoreApp has become their lead generation tool, positioning them as the experts with a 
robust system for generating highly qualified leads.

THE CHALLENGE
Carolin Soldo and her team were looking for a solution that would assess businesses on their 
ability to scale. There were two key reasons: to offer a more tailored ap- proach that led with 
value, and to be more efficient with the lead generation process.
Although highly proficient in generating leads from mar- keting and ads, the Scale Academy felt the 
conversion rate would improve with a more end-to-end automated solution that led with value first.

88                     Scorecard Marketing


THE SOLUTION
By creating the ‘Business Growth Scorecard’, the Scale Academy have been able to assist coaches and 
busi- nesses by exposing the gaps and offering a solution that will save them time and money and 
boost their revenue. The leads and prospects coming through the scorecard allow a clearer 
perspective on their current situation that gives Carolin’s team the necessary data to make an im- 
mediate impact.
By harnessing the data, Scale Academy can follow up with the highest quality leads first while 
automatically adding those that might not be ready to buy yet into an email nurture campaign.
It is an end-to-end lead strategy that leads with value.

PROMOTION
When going live, Scale Academy strategically created a launch around their scorecard to generate 
excitement and interest. For the launch, they organised a free live stream and promoted this to 
their existing email list, cre- ated posts on social media and spoke about it during their 
webinars.
This generated lots of awareness and gave their exist- ing network another opportunity to explore 
how to work with them.

Step 2: A Questionnaire                   89


As well as their highly successful launch, they maximise their marketing efforts with both paid and 
organic mar- keting to promote their scorecard.
Carolin creates lots of highly valuable content on YouTube and opts for a clear CTA of ‘Take the 
Scorecard’. Check it out here: www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzDzGX0jq-M
One of their greatest successes with generating leads has been through paid ads on Facebook. On the 
ad itself they lead with the messaging ‘Get a Complete Business Action Plan in 10 Minutes or Less’. 
This prompts those who are interested to click the ad and land on the scorecard landing page.

PRO TIP
After some testing, Carolin learned that using the same picture on both her ad and her scorecard 
landing page actually generated a higher con- version rate. It builds trust and credibility that 
the ad is not leading to a different website than what was promised.


THE RESULTS
Over 3,000 people completed their scorecard in the first year, generating an average of 200–400 
leads

90                     Scorecard Marketing


per month. On average, people completed the score- card in 4:51 minutes, with a 20% email opt-in 
rate and a 20% follow-up booking rate.
All this resulted in over six figures a year in revenue directly linked to their scorecard.

STEP 3: THEIR RESULTS

Your perfect client saw the landing page and it got their interest. They’ve answered the 
questionnaire and now they want to see their results. In the background, ScoreApp has been keeping 
track of all their responses and adding up the scores.
This is the magical moment when all is revealed. It’s the reason someone started the scorecard in 
the first place and, if you set this up right, you will have delivered some real value to a client, 
with your business running on autopilot.





















91

92                     Scorecard Marketing

At the end of the questionnaire, the ScoreApp system shows people their personalised results. They 
will see:
» Their overall score – This is the score based on how they answered all of the questions 
regardless of category.
» Their category scores – This is how they scored
for each of the categories regardless of how they did with the questions that didn’t relate to that 
category. It’s quite common for someone to get an average overall score with a category that is 
quite strong and another one that is weak.
» Dynamic content – This is text or media that is shown to them based on how they scored.
Additionally, people will receive an email so they can easily revisit their results. The advanced 
features of ScoreApp also allow you to set up a PDF version of their results that is emailed to 
them, full of dynamic content based on how they scored.
All of this sounds pretty complicated to set up but you can create dynamic content quickly and 
easily. You start by setting up scoring tiers.
SCORING TIERS
To give people context, and to allow the ScoreApp system to display the right dynamic content, you 
adjust the scoring

Step 3: Their Results                     93

tiers. These put the scores into typical ranges that are similar and ScoreApp will deliver content 
to people based on that range or tier.
The default is low, medium and high tiers; however, you can have as many tiers as you like. You can 
also name the tiers anything that you want, such as ‘beginner, intermediate and advanced’ or 
‘start-up, scale-up, performer and unicorn’.
It is a good idea to tweak and adjust your questionnaire so that your ideal client can see they 
have room to improve. If everyone easily gets a perfect score, your scorecard will have confirmed 
that they do not need your offer. If people score too low, they might feel that they aren’t ready 
to work with you yet.
The perfect scenario is that your ideal potential client answers thought-provoking questions and 
gets a score that says ‘strong foundations, with plenty of room to improve’.

‘Scorecards are different to surveys because the person fill- ing in a survey doesn’t usually get 
anything back in return. A scorecard, however, returns a useful, personalised report as soon as the 
questions are complete. This means a business can automate the process of gaining credibility, 
understand- ing a customer, building brand affinity and giving advice.’
— Jodie Cook, Forbes.com

94                     Scorecard Marketing


ACTION STEP
In your ScoreApp platform, set up your scoring tiers and give each a label that suits your business 
or industry.

PRO TIP
You can set the tiers at whatever scores you want. You can make a low score 0–40%, a medium could 
be 41–89% and a high score could be 90–100% (if you want to make the high score hard to achieve). 
Some people create five to ten tiers and some people use the tiers to distinguish between two 
things like ‘adventure seeker’ or ‘luxury traveller’. Put some thought into the labels and the 
psychology behind your tiers. Remember that people buy when they feel tension, and don’t 
underestimate people’s natural drive to improve and achieve the high score.


DYNAMIC CONTENT
Once you have set your scoring tiers, you can easily create the dynamic content you want to show 
people for each tier.
For example, if someone scores in the low tier you might want to say something like, ‘It looks like 
this area could use some improvement. Our team would love to talk to you about ways to achieve 
this. Here’s a list of easy first steps to try…’

Step 3: Their Results                     95

If, however, someone scores high on the same scorecard, you probably want to say something like, 
‘Well done, it looks like this area is strong. Your focus should be on maintaining high standards 
and only taking advice from people who specialise in working at advanced levels. Our team are 
skilled and experienced at working with people like yourself and can arrange a free consultation to 
discuss our professional approach.’
Dynamic content requires you to put some thought into how you want to communicate with each 
recipient at each of your scoring tiers. Your goal is to provide them with quality insights that 
are tailored to them.

Personalised calls to action convert 202% better than default or standard calls to action.12

Dynamic content is not limited to the text people see in their overall scores and their category 
scores – you can use dynamic content with videos, special offers and even the customer testimonials 
you show to people. If you know someone is a beginner, you can show them a video that is targeted 
at a beginner and a customer testimonial from someone you helped from an early stage. If someone is 
intermediate, you can adjust the videos and testimonials to match.

96                     Scorecard Marketing


ACTION STEP
Log in to your ScoreApp portal and edit your results page. Enable the dynamic content in your 
overall score and create some unique text for each of your scoring tiers. Let people know what it 
means to score low, medium or high and give people a customised next step based on their score. 
Once you have the hang of it, you can use dynamic content in the category scores and the 
call-to-action sections.


A DYNAMIC PDF REPORT
An advanced feature in ScoreApp is the PDF report generator. This allows you to create a special 
report that people receive via email. The report automatically has their name and the date they 
took the scorecard on the cover. It contains their scores and you can edit the amount of content 
you’d like to appear based on the scoring tiers.
You can easily change the colours, fonts and images on the report to match your branding and your 
personal style. The PDF is an impressive experience for the people who receive it and typically 
your customers will save it and even print it out. Our ‘Key Person of Influence Scorecard’ 
automatically generates a PDF report. As we have mentioned, it is common for people to bring a 
printed version to a sales meeting with
their notes written on it ready to discuss.

Step 3: Their Results                     97

It’s not essential for all scorecards to have a PDF version but it works particularly well for 
professional services and businesses that intend on showing their client how much they have 
improved in a tangible way by comparing two reports taken at different times.

67% of consumers believe brands should automatically adjust their content according to the current 
context for a satisfactory personalised experience.13



ACTION STEP
Ask your clients if they would value a report showing them insights and making recommendations 
about their situation. Ask them if they would like to complete this report several times a year to 
track their progress. If you get the thumbs-up from your top clients, you might want to set up this 
feature for them and let ScoreApp deliver this experience.

98

NEXT STEPS
Scorecard Marketing
Once someone has seen their results and are clear about where they can improve if they want to, 
they want to know what to do next. Don’t leave people guessing; give them specific instructions or 
a clear offer.
You can use dynamic content for this step too and present people with a special offer that’s right 
for them, based on the scoring tiers. You might decide that you want to give low scorers a ticket 
to an appropriate event, send intermediate scorers a book for free and arrange a one-to-one call, 
and present high scorers with an offer to join a special mastermind session that is only for people 
at their level.
Perfect next steps to recommend after someone takes your scorecard are:
» Sales meeting/discovery session – If you know someone is a suitable client, book them in to talk 
to you as soon as you can. You can give people a link straight to your diary to book themselves 
into a
one-to-one meeting to discuss their scorecard results and what they can do to improve (we use 
Calendly for this and it works nicely).
» Introduction/strategy workshop – If you are comfortable presenting to groups of people, you can 
host a regular workshop. This could be a live event, in a boardroom or an online webinar (we use 
Zoom.us).
» Relevant content – If you know people need some more warming up before they buy, you could

Step 3: Their Results                     99

recommend the right content for them to consume next. It’s easy to give people videos, podcast 
episodes, reports or books as a way to engage further.
»  Product recommendation – Some people who have taken a scorecard are ready to buy the solution 
then and there. If your scorecard is crafted well enough, a perfectly selected product offer could 
be the most obvious next step. If it seems like the offer is generic
and gets recommended to everyone regardless of how they answered the questions, it will probably 
not be welcomed.


ACTION STEP
Set up a CTA on your results page. You could invite people to book into an event, watch a video or 
book a call to discuss their results. If you make a product offer, be sure it appears relevant by 
basing it on how they answered the questions.

PRO TIP
Record a few variations of a video that is focused on each of the tiers. Set up the dynamic content 
to show the right video to people based on their scores – it feels like you are talking directly to 
them and quickly builds your relationship.

100

THE DATA
Scorecard Marketing
When someone completes their scorecard, they see their results and the dynamic content, and in your 
ScoreApp portal, you will see all of the data that was collected.
It is a magical experience the first time you click into your portal and see warm leads appear. 
With each lead appear dozens of useful facts. You’ll see the information they provided about 
themselves when they started the scorecard and filled in the lead form – typically their name, 
email and location. The ScoreApp system will automatically search the internet for a photo of the 
person and guess their nearest city location.
The next thing you’ll see is a summary of how they scored. You’ll have their overall score and 
their category scores. When you look closer, you’ll also be able to see exactly how they answered 
each question. Sometimes, knowing how someone answered a few key questions can completely change 
the way you follow up with them. For example, if someone answered ‘yes’ to the question ‘Are you 
currently looking for a supplier to work with?’, you would want to get on the phone to them as soon 
as possible.

59% of consumers find that personalised engagement based on past interactions is important to 
winning their custom.14

Once you are collecting data in ScoreApp, you’ll also be able to see overall statistics about how 
people answer your questions. It

Step 3: Their Results                    101

can be a real eye-opener to find out that only a small percentage of your market answers ‘yes’ to a 
certain question. This aggregate data is powerful for generating new product ideas and marketing 
messages, or to write blogs/posts about.
ScoreApp will also help you to improve your scorecard by showing you how your questions are 
performing; for example, it will highlight any questions that people frequently abandon or take a 
long time to answer. When you spot questions that slow people down, consider editing them to make 
them easier or less confrontational.


ACTION STEP
Complete your own scorecard and then look at your data in the portal.

PRO TIP
You can easily export your data or automatically inte- grate ScoreApp with the most popular CRM 
systems, such as ActiveCampaign, HubSpot or Salesforce. If you look at the ‘integrations’ settings, 
you will see a full list of CRM systems that are supported and you’ll be able to have all of your 
data automatically added to your existing system.

102

CINDERELLA CLIENTS
Scorecard Marketing
We all know Cinderella’s story from her point of view, but have you considered it from Prince 
Charming’s perspective? The prince is looking for a wife, he runs a huge event and discovers 
exactly what he’s looking for. Then she disappears. He uses a rigid assessment tool to evaluate 
thousands of potential Cinderellas before finding her again.
The glass slipper in the story was an exact criterion that allowed the prince to find his true love 
among thousands of prospects. Your scorecard can be set up so that some of the questions clearly 
identify the clients that are a perfect match for what you do.
Until now, it has been almost impossible to easily find these Cinderella clients at scale. It is 
beyond most businesses to gather thousands of potential clients and then somehow analyse them all 
to identify the one they’re looking for. ScoreApp makes this process quick and easy.
If you add questions that identify specific types of people, you can create special offers just for 
them. ScoreApp has an advanced feature called ‘Audiences’ which gives you the power to create a 
narrow criterion for potential clients from your questions and only show those people a special 
offer.
To see your premium offer, a person might have to answer in the affirmative to three or four 
questions indicating they have a budget and a problem they need solving that you can address. When 
they see the specific offer perfectly fitting their needs, it’s a magical happily-ever-after 
moment.

Step 3: Their Results                    103

‘I love it! ScoreApp gives our team such powerful insights about what to do with a lead. We get 
hundreds of leads per week and it really helps us to segment our database in a way that we clearly 
know who to spend more time with.’
— Allan Dib, author of The 1-Page Marketing Plan


PRO TIP
Think about your best example of a perfect client. Make a list of two to four questions you could 
ask to identify whether they fit the description you have in mind, then consider what you would say 
to them or offer them once you knew they were a perfect client. Make that a special offer on the 
results page of your scorecard for audiences who answer qualifying questions.

104                    Scorecard Marketing


CASE STUDY: ROBOT MASCOT
Robot Mascot helps founders and entrepreneurs raise capital by creating a winning-pitch formula 
that capti- vates investors. Within eighteen months, Robot Mascot has gone from a relatively 
unknown player in the in- vestment space to the UK’s leading pitch agency and they are crediting 
their 500% year-on-year growth to ScoreApp.

THE CHALLENGE
Prior to discovering ScoreApp in the summer of 2020, Robot Mascot focused their marketing efforts 
on build- ing credibility and trust through in-person networking events and by leveraging their 
company’s blog. Because of their proactive approach, they were having lots of fan- tastic 
conversations but few of these were converting into leads for their business.
Their problem was that people didn’t understand how to work with them and, unable to self-diagnose 
their pitch shortcoming, Robot Mascot struggled to communicate their value, resulting in missed 
opportunities.

THE SOLUTION
James and his team launched the ‘Pitch Ready Score- card’ that assesses founders and entrepreneurs 
on their ability to pitch for assessment. Three key areas –

Step 3: Their Results                    105

business plan, projections and pitching skills – form their scorecard categories.
By harnessing the dynamic content functionality on their results page, they can create the right 
messaging depending on each person’s final score. For their ideal clients, they have a clear call 
to action (CTA) where they can speak to someone quickly and effectively.
They keep less suitable clients in their ecosystem by offering a copy of their book, free helpful 
resources and links to stay connected through social media.
In either case, each person has a more personal and customised experience based on their answers.

PROMOTION
Almost every Robot Mascot CTA is now ‘Take the Scorecard’.
This includes in Facebook and Google ads, on their website banner, in blog posts and social media, 
in their webinar strategy and even in co-founder James’s best- selling book, Investable 
Entrepreneur.¹⁵
Due to the increase in leads, the team decided to create a second scorecard called the ‘Eligibility 
Assessment’ that would act as a qualifier when booking in an intro- ductory call.

106                    Scorecard Marketing

This scorecard has saved them time by making sure that they are only speaking to highly qualified 
people who are the right fit for their services or who are at the right stage of the buying 
process.

THE RESULTS
Within the first twelve months, they had increased their revenue by 300% with the scorecard as the 
main CTA and lead generator. Eighteen months later, this is now closer to 500%.
They generate 180 leads per month (roughly forty- five leads per week) with a sales call conversion 
rate of 50%.
The scorecard has an 80% completion rate and they are closing one in every two sales conversations 
– all while spending less than 10% of revenue on marketing.

STEP 4: MARKETING AND SALES

Now that you have a scorecard set up and ready to go, you can turn on the tap and get warm, 
qualified leads flowing in to make more sales.
Use the data to improve your products, services and marketing messages, which all lead to better 
clients, higher prices, more people buying from you, growth, profitability and more fun.
PROMOTING YOUR SCORECARD
In the first week of your scorecard being live, promote it gently to get a few people taking it so 
you can capture their feedback.
Put a post on one of your social media profiles, along the lines of:
‘I’ve noticed that a lot of people struggle to achieve
<result that your customers want>, even after they’ve tried <typical action one> or <typical action 
two>. I’m launching a scorecard to help people identify the best ways they can get the results they 
want even if they are <typical emotional resistance>. It’s pretty simple: you answer some questions 
and automatically receive
107

108                    Scorecard Marketing

customised recommendations. I’ve only just set it up, so I’d really love some feedback please. 
Here’s the link…’
The goal is to get feedback on how to improve your scorecard, so try to talk to people straight 
after they’ve completed it and ask them:
» Was the landing page clear, credible and enticing? Is there anything you think I should change 
about it?
» Was the questionnaire engaging and easy to answer?
Did it seem like there were too many or too few questions? Is there anything I could improve?
» Was the results page valuable? Did you feel it spoke directly to you and gave you clear next 
steps? Is there anything you feel I should do differently?
With this feedback from a few typical clients, you can make some final adjustments before promoting 
your scorecard more actively.
There are eight highly effective ways to promote your scorecard:
1.  Website banner – On your existing website, put a special banner or a pop-up that takes people 
to your scorecard landing page. One of our clients started getting between six and eight leads per 
day when they added a scorecard banner. Prior to that, their site had anonymous traffic which 
wasn’t much good to them.

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                109

2.  Email signature – You probably send hundreds of emails each month. Add an automatic signature 
to your emails that tells people to take your scorecard. Mine says, ‘Take the Key Person of 
Influence Score- card and improve your ability to influence.’
3.  Email marketing/direct messages – Most businesses have a sizeable database of existing contacts 
on their CRM or a reasonable following on their social media profiles. Send a message announcing 
that your score- card is live and what it helps people to achieve. It’s a powerful way to own and 
enrich your own unique database.
4.  Social media profiles and posts – You can post about your scorecard on all of your social media 
profiles. As something new you have done, people are happy to learn more about it. At a later date, 
you can post about the statistics you gather from your scorecard data. It’s also easy to add your 
scorecard link to your social me- dia profile contact information.
5.  Podcasts/videos/blogs/books – The scorecard is the perfect next step for someone who enjoys 
your media content. If someone has just watched your YouTube video, get them to complete a 
scorecard as a next step – they go from an anonymous viewer to a warm, qual- ified lead on your 
database. Some of the hottest leads you will ever get are people who have engaged with a

110                    Scorecard Marketing

few pieces of your online content first and then com- pleted a scorecard.
6.  Events/workshops – A scorecard can be used before, during or after an event. Before the event, 
people can complete a scorecard to get their ticket or they can do a scorecard in the time between 
booking and attending. During a workshop, you can instruct participants to complete a scorecard as 
an activity in the programme. Afterwards, you can reconnect with attendees and discover the impact 
of the event using a scorecard. Most organisers know very little about the people who attend their 
events; scorecards turn that around.
7.  Advertising – I am a massive fan of advertising but it takes time and money to make it work. 
It’s vital to calculate an allowable cost per sale and an allowable cost per lead when running ads; 
then keep adapting un- til you can reliably achieve the targets. Facebook and Google ads take time 
and expertise to keep performing and it can be money well spent to get a professional to set you 
up. I most often see ScoreApp clients getting a steady stream of leads for $5–$20 per completed 
scorecard – if that’s feasible, it could be the key to scaling your business.

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                111

8.  Joint venture partnerships – When ads get too expen- sive or I want to remove my reliance on 
them, I turn to joint venture partnerships. I look for businesses that are in my marketplace but 
don’t directly com- pete with what I do. I approach them with a deal to cross-promote each other 
and to pay a small fee per lead to balance any situation where one business gets more leads than 
the other. A typical joint venture will involve them emailing their mailing list for me to 
recommend my scorecard and I will pay £10 per completed scorecard that comes in. In return, I can 
email my list to them too.
9.  Enrich and segment your existing data – You prob- ably have an existing list of basic contact 
information, such as name and email, for thousands of people. Use your scorecard to deepen your 
knowledge for each contact record you already possess. Once you know more about each person, you 
can segment your list into categories of people who would be suitable for specific offers and 
promotions.

‘I spent £125 on ads and got sixty-seven qualified leads. I’ve never had anything like it.’
— Helen Pritchard, coach

112                    Scorecard Marketing


ACTION STEP
Download our extended resources kit for launching and promoting your scorecard: www.scoreapp.com/ 
launch-quiz-checklist

FOLLOWING UP AND MAKING SALES
Google has armies of salespeople and they are the most auto- mated business on the planet. Rolex 
has armies of salespeople and they are the most recognised luxury brand. Apple does endless amounts 
of sales training and it has some of the most recognisable products on Earth.
If the top brands and businesses rely heavily on salespeople making calls, having conversations, 
following up with leads and handling objections, your business needs to embrace the sales process 
too.
Having a powerful marketing system like ScoreApp working in your business doesn’t mean you can sit 
back and let the sales take care of themselves – it will give you plenty of opportunities to have 
quality sales conversations. ScoreApp generates hot, data-rich leads for you, but if you don’t do 
anything with them those people will go and buy from a business that is more active in its sales 
approach.
If I was in charge of growing your business, I would likely hire more people in a sales role, make 
sure they were well

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                113

trained and get them talking to warm leads every day. For most established businesses, I would 
launch a scorecard to the existing client database or social media following and then talk with 
everyone who took the scorecard. An influx of new business is probably a lot closer than you think 
and a scorecard plus a sales meeting might be the only thing needed to unlock it.
Appointment setting
A perfect next step for many businesses is to book someone into a sales meeting or an 
event/workshop to push things forward. I have built several fast-growth businesses and always hired 
in-house appointment setters who become reliable at putting the right leads in front of me or my 
salespeople.
In the days before scorecards, we used to cold call people, but even when they would pick up the 
phone a lot of them didn’t recognise our company brand and ended the call quickly.
A cold call typically starts with the caller dialling someone on a list, identifying themselves, 
where they are calling from and why they are calling. Most people don’t like cold-calling and most 
people don’t like being called out of the blue by someone they don’t know. Cold-calling is dead.
Following up with scorecard leads is completely different. You aren’t calling people randomly, 
you’re responding to their signal of interest by calling them shortly after they’ve completed a 
scorecard. You already know a lot about them and you can reference the information they’ve given 
you.

114                    Scorecard Marketing
















This is a typical call from Sophie, an appointment setter on my team, to Jo, a potential client who 
has completed a scorecard:
Jo: Hello?
Sophie: Hi, is that Jo?
Jo: Yes, it is.
Sophie: It’s Sophie here. You took the ‘Key Person of Influence Scorecard’ yesterday and I wanted 
to touch base with you about it. I saw that you scored 54% out of 100% for your overall score. Are 
you too busy to talk for a minute or two – I’ll keep it quick?
Jo: Ah, I’m pretty busy but if it’s quick…

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                115

Sophie: I need to keep this call short as well but I knew it would be valuable to touch base with 
you.
I talk to hundreds of entrepreneurs who have taken the ‘Key Person of Influence Scorecard’, and 54% 
is actually a good score. You have strong foundations in place, which is the hardest part. The rest 
is just adding some tactics to get your message out to more people. I see that you are really 
strong with pitching skills, you scored seven out of ten, but your weakest score was for product 
creation, which was three out of ten. That means you are confident pitching the value of what you 
do but you haven’t created enough products for people to buy. Is that fair to say?
Jo: Yeah, that’s true.
Sophie: As I said, I have to keep this call quick because I have to touch base with a few other 
entrepreneurs this morning; however, I’ve looked at how you answered the questions and I would 
really love to make a time for you to get some additional value from us. In particular, I think we 
can focus on improving your product score, which would have the biggest impact.
I’d like to send you a physical copy of the book Key Person of Influence. Is that OK?
Jo: Yeah, that would be nice of you.

116                    Scorecard Marketing

Sophie: If you’re open to it, I’d also like to get you a free pass to a workshop we’re running this 
week, specifically about improving the scores in the ‘Key Person of Influence Scorecard’. I know 
your time is valuable so I want to let you know that we’ve recently won two major awards for the 
quality of the work we do with entrepreneurs. I think you’ll get relevant ideas if you come and 
join this workshop. Would you like a free ticket?
Jo: Yeah, that sounds good.
Sophie: I thought you might. Let me get your details so I can send you the book and get you a 
ticket to the workshop.
…Sophie gets details…
Sophie: All done. The book is on the way and the ticket should be in your inbox. Pretty soon I 
think you will be implementing some of the tactics we recommend for entrepreneurs. Have you got any 
questions for me at this stage?
Jo: No, that sounds good. I’ll look forward to it.
Sophie: Excellent. If you need to get in touch, just reply to the email I sent you. Hope you enjoy 
the workshop next Tuesday at 2pm. Bye for now.
You’ll notice that Sophie referenced the data from the scorecard quickly. She mentioned the overall 
score straight away. Next,

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                117
she talked about the highest and lowest category scores. We call this the ‘seesaw technique’ – it 
gives people positive vibes for something they are good at then shows them the area they could 
improve most. Once Jo twigged that the call wasn’t cold and that it was focused on an area she 
wanted to improve, she was happy to talk about next steps. Feel free to adapt this script to suit 
your business.



















‘I’ve always hated sales calls because I feel like I’m asking nosey questions for the first fifteen 
to thirty minutes. When I talk to people about their scorecard all of that information is already 
in front of me, I can move straight into making the right proposal much faster.’
— Karen Dwyer, MS to Success

118

Sales meetings
Scorecard Marketing
Now that you’ve got lots of warm leads, make sure you talk to them and turn them into sales.
Here’s a cruel irony: the people who typically buy from you don’t truly want to buy from you. If I 
truly loved fitness, I wouldn’t need a fitness trainer. I would jump out of bed each day and go for 
a run while listening to fitness books. If I truly loved finance, I wouldn’t need a chief financial 
officer. I’d already be confident about my numbers. If I truly loved investing, I wouldn’t need a 
financial planner. I’d already have a great investing plan in motion.
The things we buy are often things we are sitting on the fence about. We want the results but we 
struggle to know how to get them or to do the work required. We need support or tools to make it 
happen.
Some of the best clients you will ever have start off feeling hesitant about what you do. They need 
some convincing, they need to know you care enough to call them, they need to know you are 
confident they can do it, because they think they aren’t. Many of your best clients have tried 
things before that didn’t work. They bought that foolproof software and it made them into the fool. 
They spent money on a top supplier and the project didn’t complete the way they wanted it to. They 
bought the package but failed to unwrap it. They’re not just sceptical
of you, they’re sceptical of themselves.
The majority of your big sales will come from a sales process where you or your team talk to people 
one-to-one. You’ll have

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                119

a conversation that reassures people that what you do will be worth the money and the commitment.
A ScoreApp scorecard doesn’t remove the need to talk to people. It gives you more people to talk 
to. It gives you topics to discuss that matter most. It gives you a way to know who you should talk 
to first.
Make the scorecard results a central feature in your sales meeting. Ask people what it revealed to 
them about their situation. Give them your insights on their situation. Clarify their goals and the 
obstacles they think could stop them getting what they want.














You might want to focus on specific answers to individual questions. You might ask, ‘You answered 
yes to the question “Do you often struggle with XYZ?” Why do you think that is?’ These types of 
questions help you to better understand what your client needs and how to get them rapid results.

120                    Scorecard Marketing

The scorecard is a diagnostic tool, so your sales meeting is about resolving the issues that your 
potential client self- assessed. Making a sale is about providing a sensible solution that resolves 
the tension they have identified on the scorecard.
‘Our whole sales process has changed since using ScoreApp. I actually can’t imagine having to go 
back to our old approach of talking to people without knowing in advance what they need my help 
with.’
— TJ Power, employee wellness specialist

Repeat what worked
If you go to the well and pull up a bucket full of water, go back to the well and get another.
Some people promote their ScoreApp scorecard in Sep- tember, get lots of new leads but don’t do the 
same thing in October, November and December. They think that their potential customers are going 
to say, ‘Hey wait a second, you promoted your scorecard last month – you can’t do that again!’
The truth is your customers don’t remember what you did last month. People need to see things 
multiple times before they see it the first time.
I’ve run the same ads for years in a row because they keep on working. The same ads to the same 
audience brought in scorecard leads for £9–£12 per lead – for years. I have repeated emails to my 
database because they were effective the year before. I have posted similar content on LinkedIn 
asking

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                121

people if they want to get a free report from my scorecard – and it keeps working the second, third 
and fourth time.
When I figure out a sales script that works, we use it every week. When I notice ads that work, we 
keep running them. If we sponsor an event and it produces results, we book it straight in again the 
following year.
If something is working, don’t stop doing it even if your business can’t handle more customers. 
I’ve seen ScoreApp clients launch their scorecard and generate dozens of new clients – more than 
they can handle. Rather than starting a waiting list, they switch off their scorecard and halt 
promotions. Predictably, a few months later they have capacity and they need to start promoting 
from scratch again.
A better approach would be to leave the campaigns running, communicate with people that you have a 
waiting list and invite people to join it. When an abundance of leads keep coming in, you end up 
oversubscribed; you can confidently increase your prices and cherry-pick the best clients you want 
to work with. You can also add new versions of your products or services that are more scalable and 
less exclusive.
The best brands in the world – like Ferrari, Rolex and Apple – always keep promoting themselves 
even when they have a waiting list.
If you do something that works, do it again and keep doing it.

122                    Scorecard Marketing

CASE STUDY: TICK THOSE BOXES
Tick Those Boxes works with high-performing coaches, executives and their teams to ensure full 
accountability and execution in meeting their goals.
In the first thirty days, Tick Those Boxes generated AU$60,000 directly from their scorecard.

THE CHALLENGE
Like any service-based business, finding the right au- dience, identifying the problem and 
communicating the value you bring is the holy grail of generating sales. As an accomplished 
professional, Darren is well respected and visible within his field, but, even with such a great 
brand reputation, Darren is always looking at ways to improve the sales process.
Darren and his team wanted a more robust system that would consistently generate leads and provide 
a clear ROI.

THE SOLUTION
Tick Those Boxes launched the ‘Accountability Score- card’ to assess coaches and executive teams on 
how accountable they are when it comes to working towards their goals. The ‘Accountability 
Scorecard’ created an online asset for the business that works automatically in the background and 
is perfect for running ads and

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                123

personalising their message. It works seamlessly with their website branding, connects to their 
customer rela- tionship management (CRM) system and automatically filters through into their email 
nurture campaign.
Focusing on adding value through the results page, Tick Those Boxes then break down scores to 
provide tailored insights and highlighted areas for improvement. As a bonus for taking the 
scorecard, they offer 50% off The Accountability Advantage book and a free sixty-minute discovery 
call.
But they don’t stop there…
One of the highlights of taking this scorecard is the fully customised, nineteen-page PDF report 
that is delivered to your inbox on completion. Jam-packed with value that highlights Darren’s team 
as the industry leaders, it provides tangible next steps.

PROMOTION
Tick Those Boxes used a mixed strategy of paid and organic marketing.
They decided to leverage Facebook advertising by spending AU$10 a day on advertising. The advert 
asked, ‘How accountable are you?’, as Darren felt that would trigger interest and align with his 
scorecard’s message.

124                    Scorecard Marketing


The ads over the first thirty days generated 1,702 visi- tors to the landing page.

THE RESULTS
Within the first thirty days, seventy-five people had com- pleted the scorecard, with an average 
completion time of three minutes. Darren and his team received five times the amount of booked 
discovery calls, and four times the amount of new clients on their AU$15,000 package.
This all amounted to an 80% conversion rate, resulting in AU$60,000 worth of new business.

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                125


SCOREAPP’S MORE ADVANCED FEATURES
We’ve tried to keep things simple and straightforward in this book while you’re setting up your 
first scorecard marketing campaign. As you become familiar with ScoreApp, you can explore some of 
the more advanced features and customisations. These include:
» Abandon emails – ScoreApp can automatically send people an email if they stop the quiz and 
encour- age them to pick up where they left off.
» Ad tracking – ScoreApp allows you to use your Facebook or Google tracking pixels to improve your 
advertising results.
»  Audiences – You can create special audiences on ScoreApp based on how people answer a question 
or a combination of questions. Once you have an audience set up, you can show those audiences 
special offers.
»  Custom domains – It is easy to make ScoreApp appear to be a part of your existing website using 
custom domains.
»  Data analysis – You can look at your data in several useful ways. You can see the questions 
people abandon or are slow to answer. You can view the aggregate statistics for your questions.

126                    Scorecard Marketing

» Experiments – This allows you to randomly test two landing pages against each other to see which 
one is most effective.
»  Integrations – You can integrate ScoreApp with your preferred CRM system using an application 
programming interface (API) key or API URL. This allows ScoreApp to send the data it collects to 
your existing system.
»  Multiple scorecards – You can have several score- cards running under one account. Each 
scorecard can have different landing pages, questions and results.
»  PDF reports – ScoreApp gives you the capability to send people a customised report. This report 
fea- tures dynamic content and is presented in a way that adds value and tangibility to your 
scorecard.
»  Referral programme – You will automatically have a referral link in your account. Anyone who 
joins ScoreApp through your link will receive an extended free trial and you will earn a commission 
on their subscription fee.
»  Social sharing – ScoreApp lets you customise the text and the primary image shown when someone 
shares the link to your scorecard.

Step 4: Marketing And Sales                127
»  SEO – ScoreApp has a number of search engine optimisation features that align to best practices 
in search engine optimisation. For example, you can add alternative text to your images.
Note: Some of these features are only available on the advanced subscription options.



A NEW ASSET FOR YOUR BUSINESS

A successful scorecard marketing campaign is simple. You need a compelling landing page, a 
questionnaire, personalised results and a sensible approach to promotions and sales. After 
completing these four steps, you will have created a valuable new asset for your business.
In business, an asset is anything that continues to add value when you are away on holiday. In this 
case, your scorecard would continue to function. It would be a point of contact for your future 
clients, collecting valuable data and providing your salespeople with leads.
All of the data you collect is also an asset. In the short term, you have hot leads to talk to and 
you know a lot about each person so you make better sales conversions. In the medium term, you have 
valuable insights about all of your customers and you can improve your products or your marketing 
based on what you learn. Long-term, you have a database available to launch new products.
All stress in business is typically an ‘asset deficiency’. Without marketing assets, it’s 
impossible to get reliable marketing results. If you have the right assets in place, they do the 
heavy lifting and the stress goes away.
129

130                    Scorecard Marketing

Giving your people the right assets makes their job much easier and they become happier and more 
effective. Imagine a salesperson thrown into a role without training, without sales materials and 
without warm leads to speak with; they quickly get rejected and start blaming themselves or their 
boss for their poor performance.
If that same person had the right assets, they would be more likely to succeed. If they had 
training and sales materials and were talking to hot leads, they would convert those leads into 
paying customers, making everyone happy. It wasn’t the salesperson that was the problem. It was the 
assets they had to leverage that made the difference. Your business is an ecosystem of assets being 
leveraged by you and your people. The better your assets, the more fun you have and the more money 
you make.
Imagine if you wanted to sell your business and you told the potential acquirer, ‘We have 10,000 
people on our database and we know fifty things about each of them!’ That would be a seriously 
impressive reason for them to buy your business instead of another, especially if the business had 
a scorecard in place that continued to bring in more warm leads every week. They would see your 
scorecard as a scalable and repeatable system for making sales.
The scorecard is a marketing and sales asset. It builds a database asset; it is a 
product-for-prospects asset plus a channel- to-market asset. Your scorecard is powerful because it 
is doing many jobs for your business, making your business more scal- able, more enjoyable and more 
profitable.

A New Asset For Your Business               131

DON’T LET ANYTHING STAND IN YOUR WAY
At ScoreApp, we get a notification whenever someone cancels their subscription or chooses not to go 
beyond their free trial period. We can see the main reasons why people leave.
50% of the people who leave say they didn’t have enough time to set it up
Automation does require an initial investment of time and creativity, but it rapidly pays you back. 
A few hours spent setting up a scorecard on ScoreApp speeds up every sale and shaves time from 
every sales conversation you have. Building a business that runs smoothly with minimal effort from 
you and your people requires some sophisticated systems to be running in the background. Our team 
have invested thousands of hours into perfecting this system and all it needs you to do is block 
out a couple of hours to make it part of your business. Don’t be the ‘busy fool’ who doesn’t have 
the time to grab a bicycle because he’s too busy running around on foot.


ACTION STEP
Block out an hour or two in the diary and get it set up. If you get stuck, use the help button in 
your portal which is always at the bottom-right of the screen. A real person will get in touch with 
you to offer support.
If you prefer, you can get our ScoreApp enterprise team to build a custom scorecard for you (for an 
additional cost).

132                    Scorecard Marketing
11% of people say they couldn’t come up with questions or categories
It takes creativity to come up with a questionnaire and many people are hard on themselves because 
they don’t get it right the first time. The people who succeed with ScoreApp often use our 
templates at first and make a few edits. As they get more comfortable, they make the scorecard 
unique to their business. Thanks to our expert team, everything is ready to go so you can get 
started with minimal fuss, launching a scorecard the easy way and then fine-tuning it over time.

ACTION STEP
Come along to one of our ‘Setup and Score’ workshops where we answer questions and give suggestions 
live on Zoom. You can also join our Facebook group (www.facebook.com/groups/scoreapp) and get 
sugges- tions from other ScoreApp clients.

24% of people said they got set up but didn’t get enough leads
A scorecard is a marketing asset and it needs you to consistently promote it so that people 
discover its value. The bigger your audience, the greater the number of people who will take your 
scorecard each month. Even with a small audience, a scorecard is the key to getting the most from 
the people who are engaging and gaining valuable insights that will resonate

A New Asset For Your Business               133

with more people. Persist with your marketing efforts and accept feedback from customers and 
mentors to improve your conversions. It’s a process not a destination.

ACTION STEP
Use our guide ‘29 Ways to Launch Your Scorecard’ so that you have plenty of approaches to try 
(www.scoreapp. com/launch-quiz-checklist). Go back over them regu- larly and double down on what 
works.

9% of people who left said the functionality they wanted was missing
When we explored this more deeply, we often found that people wanted the scorecard to demonstrate 
more complex decision-making capability. This relies on things like ‘decision trees’ and ‘branching 
logic’. Some people wanted survey tools, calculators or the option for people to sit an exam. We’re 
focused on the outcome of generating warm, qualified leads for businesses that typically need to 
build a relationship before making a sale, so we deliberately stop ourselves from creating features 
that don’t line up specifically with that goal. We think the fastest way to make ScoreApp less 
powerful is to add dozens of features that overcomplicate the job our clients are trying to do. 
We’ve tested complex scorecards against more simple ones and simple always wins when it comes to 
generating warm leads.

134                    Scorecard Marketing


ACTION STEP
Use ScoreApp for lead generation and find other tools that are specifically developed for exams, 
surveys, cal- culators or complex diagnosis. If you want hot leads and to make more sales, our 
expert team have got your back.


3% of people say they got leads but were not able to convert them
A scorecard is the first step your customers make towards buying from your business but it’s not 
the only step. Customers are spoilt for choice and they often want a lot from you before buying.
It’s not uncommon for customers to read something, watch something, take a scorecard, have a 
meeting, take some time to review a proposal, have another meeting and then buy. It’s also 
important that you keep your sales skills sharp so you can turn interest into action.


ACTION STEP
Do some regular sales role play with your team or with a friend. Use the scorecard as a discussion 
piece that focuses the conversation on achieving a goal or solving a problem.

A New Asset For Your Business               135
SCOREAPP REFERRAL PROGRAMME
Many of our ScoreApp clients get paid each month to have ScoreApp. When you create a ScoreApp 
account, we au- tomatically give you a referral link so that you can rec- ommend ScoreApp and get a 
commission. If you love the value ScoreApp brings to your business and you want to share it, send 
people your link and they can get an extended free trial. If they go ahead and subscribe, you will 
earn the money we would have otherwise spent on ads (we would rather give you money than Google and 
Facebook). You can find your referral link and commis- sion report in your account information when 
you are logged in to ScoreApp.



SET UP AND SCORE!

The United States presidential elections are the most contest- ed, high-stakes marketing campaigns 
on Earth. As marketing professionals, it’s worth tuning out from the politics and paying close 
attention to the tools, technologies and chan- nels the winning candidate uses to get their message 
across to voters.
In the 1930s Franklin D Roosevelt (FDR) campaigned for president on the radio. He created something 
known as the ‘fireside chat’ to speak directly to voters on a regular basis about the issues that 
mattered to them as they happened in real time. This technique was revolutionary at the time; it 
leveraged a national network of radio stations that carried Roosevelt’s voice to all corners of the 
US.
Prior to this, presidents relied on newspaper networks to report on what they had said. Often their 
words were distorted by journalists and in many cases the tone of voice was lost and the message 
misread. National radio solved this problem and FDR was the first president to harness the power of 
radio. In the following decade, radio became the marketing channel of choice for big brands and the 
key to success was the radio jingle.


137

138                    Scorecard Marketing

In 1960 John F Kennedy (JFK) went head-to-head with Richard Nixon in a live televised debate. Nixon 
wasn’t comfortable under the hot studio lights and he continuously wiped his brow and lips with a 
handkerchief. On radio, a move like this would have gone unnoticed but on TV Nixon looked nervous 
or stressed out. By contrast, JFK seemed relaxed and poised; he had been on TV a lot more and was 
prepared for the studio environment. People who listened to the debate on radio thought that Nixon 
had won but the majority of the population had watched it on TV and voted for the candidate who 
performed for the screen.
In the decade that followed, TV became the number one medium for reaching consumers. Brands moved 
their budgets from radio to television. The key to successful marketing was to become proficient in 
the thirty-second commercial.
In 2008 Barack Obama was the first presidential candidate to use social media as a way to engage 
with voters. His campaign managers were early employees of Facebook and they encouraged him to 
embrace the online platforms. His website featured a section called ‘Obama Everywhere’ which 
aligned with his Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and other social media accounts. He uploaded more, he 
shared more and he responded more than all of the other candidates – and he won more votes as a 
result.
The following decade, social media marketing became the main arena for brands to reach their 
customers. Every big brand moved their spend towards the same platforms

Set Up And Score!                     139

Obama had used to win the election. Big brands hired social media marketers, and agencies moved 
their focus onto content creation to feed the endless need for social feeds.
In 2016 Donald Trump shocked the world with his win against the political establishment. He had 
engaged data analytics companies to create a marketing campaign unlike anything the world had seen 
before. His marketing team was able to get vast amounts of data about voters and then deliver 
uniquely targeted campaigns to each voter based on their existing views.
He focused all his money on the locations that mattered most based on the data and the likelihood 
of winning the most electoral college votes, not the popular vote. Data informed every decision 
about what to say to the people that would deliver him the White House.

140                    Scorecard Marketing

Regardless of your political persuasions, there’s a clear lesson from the Trump 2016 campaign that 
data analytics is a powerful tool in marketing. Big brands are now adopting the approach of 
gathering as much data about people as they can and then hyper-targeting their marketing messages 
to people based on their existing preferences. Eventually, every marketing campaign will speak 
directly to the person who’s seeing it.
DATA IS THE LIFEBLOOD OF MARKETING
In the late 2000s I was giving talks to entrepreneurs, advising them to ‘become a media business’. 
I said that whatever busi- ness they thought they were in, they were also in the media business. It 
was pretty radical at the time but today it has be- come a widely understood idea. Most hair salons 
have active Instagram accounts with photos and videos uploaded multiple times per day. Business 
coaches host their own podcasts and video channels. Lawyers and accountants are actively blog- ging 
on LinkedIn. None of that seemed likely prior to 2010.
Today I tell people to ‘become a data business’. Whatever business you think you are in, you are 
also a data analytics business. The world is becoming too noisy for generic media content to make 
an impact – too many people are pumping out too much content. Customers want things to be personal 
to them, and that requires data.
In the 2010s the more content you produced the more sales you would make. That’s coming to an end 
now, as people are drowning in an endless stream of amazing but generic content.

Set Up And Score!                     141

The more data you collect now, the more sales you will make in the future. Data is the key to 
cutting through the noise and connecting with people.
Personalised marketing presents a completely new land- scape where neighbours who live side by side 
on the same street might see and hear completely different information about the world. Before this 
era of data-driven marketing, advertising and campaigning were conducted out in the open for 
everyone to see and evaluate the same information. Going forward, every person is living within 
their own news and information bubble that is being constructed just for them.

90% of US consumers find marketing personalisation appealing.16

The ultimate goal of marketing is to create marketing cam- paigns for one. Each individual sees 
things that are uniquely relevant to them.
A single mother, working in retail, who enjoys CrossFit classes and has concerns about the school 
curriculum will see information that perfectly aligns to her world. Her elderly neighbour in the 
flat below, who is concerned with healthcare budgets, loves crime novels and is planning a trip to 
Tuscany, will have a completely different experience of the online world. All personal data is up 
for grabs to inform the marketing machines. The locations you visit, your sexual and political 
preferences, your hobbies, your search results, your friends’

142                    Scorecard Marketing

preferences, the videos you watch and countless other things all give advertisers more clues on how 
to approach you.
As we move into a world powered by Artificial Intelligence (AI), this will only get more detailed. 
If you wear a smartwatch, AI algorithms can determine what you’re doing from the movement of your 
hands. Based on the tone of your voice, AI can know who you’re talking to and how you feel about 
them. If an AI can see video footage of your face, it can spot micro- expressions that reveal your 
thoughts and emotions on a topic.
It seems a little dystopian to many people but consumer trends indicate strongly that people want 
personalisation and they are willing to give up information about themselves to get it. In the same 
way that social media seemed foreign and complicated at first, data analytics will move from the 
shadows and become commonplace in every successful small business.

64% of consumers agree with businesses saving their purchase history and preferences in order to 
provide personalised experiences.17

You want to be an early adopter with this trend. While everyone is still furiously producing 
content for Instagram, Twitter and YouTube, you can make the shift towards collecting and using 
data to deliver personalisation. You can leapfrog out of the saturated social media landscape and 
into the flourishing data analytics world.

Set Up And Score!                     143

Small businesses need to adapt fast to this way of marketing. Being personalised to people’s needs 
was once the domain of boutique, local small businesses but it is now the strength of big brands 
like Amazon, Spotify and Facebook. Small businesses need to discover ways to collect more (much, 
much more) data about their customers and then use it to create laser-focused marketing campaigns 
to individuals based on that data.
Collecting name and email is no longer enough. Your business must conduct surveys, scorecards and 
quizzes to have access to unique data insights. Proprietary data enables you to deliver a message 
that lands.
The more data you collect, the less you need to spend on sales and marketing. The more data you 
make, the easier it is to make sales and to charge what you’re worth.
Data allows you to customise and target your message to the right people in the right place at the 
right time. In the future, companies that waste their marketing budgets on people who aren’t 
interested in the message at that moment will be put out of business by companies that are using 
data to communicate more powerfully.



CONCLUSION

I’ve shown how a scorecard helps to diagnose a problem and/ or highlight strengths and weaknesses. 
It offers immediate value with dynamic recommendations. It’s available online 24/7 and takes just a 
few minutes to complete.
ScoreApp is the software that makes it easy to run scorecard marketing campaigns. It’s exactly what 
I wished I had when I found huge success using this type of marketing in the 2010s. If your 
business needs to talk to someone and qualify that person’s situation before you can properly sell 
to them, a ScoreApp scorecard is a game changer. If your business would benefit from having a 
steady stream of qualified leads to talk to, this marketing system will be a big part of your 
future success.


















145

146                    Scorecard Marketing

Why is your best friend your best friend? It’s because they know a lot about you. You can connect 
and laugh together so easily because you have common language and shared experiences. You can pick 
up on conversations you had from years ago and discuss memories you both understand.
All of this is based on data. Not data in the way we normally think about it – but in a way we 
should be thinking about it. Data collection, insights and utilisation sound pretty clinical but 
they are the key to creating deep affection towards your brand.
When you think about data, think about connection, understanding, empathy and passion. Let data be 
a tool for tuning into people and getting a view of their reality. If you think it’s about 
spreadsheets, facts, figures and statistics you’ve missed the point.
If you get it right, people won’t just buy from you, they will absolutely love your business and 
your brand and the impact you have in their world.
I’m looking forward to seeing your scorecard marketing campaign up and running, hearing about how 
many quality leads came in and how many new sales your business made.

RESOURCES

Get a free extended trial for ScoreApp.com: www.scoreapp.com/booktrial-offer
Join the ScoreApp Facebook community: www.facebook.com/groups/scoreapp
Check out our tutorials and workshops on YouTube: www.youtube.com/c/ScoreApp
Access our launch and promotion resources: www.scoreapp.com/launch-quiz-checklist
Learn from our strategies for converting leads into appointments and sales:
www.scoreapp.com/convert-quiz-leads-sales

















147



REFERENCES

1  Accenture Interactive (2018) ‘Making It Personal: Why brands must move from communication to 
conversation for greater personalization’, 
www.accenture.com/_acnmedia/PDF-77/Accenture-Pulse-Survey. pdf, accessed 31 May 2022
2  Salesforce (2022) ‘What are customer expectations, and how have they changed?’, 
www.salesforce.com/resources/articles/customer- expectations, accessed 31 May 2022
3  Think with Google (no date) ‘Zero Moment of Truth’, www.thinkwith 
google.com/marketing-strategies/micro-moments/zero-moment- truth, accessed 31 May 2022
4 R Dunbar How Many Friends Does One Person Need? (Faber, 2011)
5  Wunderkind (2022) ‘The SmarterHQ offering is now Wunderkind audiences’, 
www.wunderkind.co/blog/article/smarterhq-wunderkind- audiences, accessed 31 May 2022
6 Accenture Interactive (2018) ‘Making It Personal: Why brands must move from communication to 
conversation for greater personalization’, 
www.accenture.com/_acnmedia/PDF-77/Accenture-Pulse-Survey. pdf, accessed 31 May 2022
7  Salesforce (2022) ‘What are customer expectations, and how have they changed?’, 
www.salesforce.com/resources/articles/customer- expectations, accessed 31 May 2022
8  Salesforce (2022) ‘Meet Marketing Cloud Personalization powered by Interaction Studio’, 
www.salesforce.com/products/marketing- cloud/customer-interaction, accessed 31 May 2022
9 Segment (2017) ‘The 2017 State of Personalization Report’, http://grow. 
segment.com/Segment-2017-Personalization-Report.pdf, accessed 31 May 2022


149

150                    Scorecard Marketing

10 SR Covey, 7e 7 Habits of Highly Effective People (Free Press, 2004)
11 R Kiyosaki, Rich Dad’s Cashflow Quadrant: Rich dad’s guide to financial freedom (Business Plus, 
2012)
12 J Vocell (2018) ‘Personalized calls to action perform 202% better than basic CTAs’, HubSpot, 
https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/ personalized-calls-to-action-convert-better-data, accessed 31 
May 2022
13 CMO by Adobe (2022) https://blog.adobe.com/en/topics/cmo-by-
adobe, accessed 31 May 2022
14 Salesforce (2022) ‘What are customer expectations, and how have they changed?’, 
www.salesforce.com/resources/articles/customer- expectations, accessed 31 May 2022
15 J Church, Investable Entrepreneur: How to convince investors your business is the one to back 
(Rethink Press, 2020)
16 A Guttman (2021) ‘Marketing personalization – statistics and facts’, Statista, 
www.statista.com/topics/4481/personalized-marketing, accessed 31 May 2022
17 S Ghosh (2018) ‘Unified Commerce Is Here: The Customer Experience Is Here’, Martech Series, 
https://martechseries.com/analytics/behavioral- 
marketing/unified-commerce-customer-experience-future

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
A special thanks and acknowledgement to the team at ScoreApp, who all relish every single success 
story we see from our clients. Steven Oddy is the technological genius behind the devel-
opment of ScoreApp. Without Steven, all of the ideas in this book would be nothing more than 
marketing philosophies that would be too hard for most businesses to implement. Steven and his team 
of developers have taken something as complex as data analytics and made it simple, powerful and 
fun for busi- nesses of all sizes. They’ve painstakingly found ways to make the platform easy to 
use while maintaining the strengths that arise from a complex approach to marketing.
In February 2022, war broke out in Ukraine and our technology development team found their lives 
tipped upside down. These young men and women who were living normal modern lives and enjoying 
simple pleasures suddenly had their families ripped apart and their daily reality shattered.
Despite it all, they’ve remained focused and positive about their work and we’ve remained committed 
and supportive of them. Our little team at ScoreApp continues to create and innovate together, and 
we even still laugh together. We want to acknowledge the unbreakable spirit and resilience shown by 
our workmates in Ukraine.





151



OTHER BOOKS BY DANIEL PRIESTLEY
The entrepreneur’s journey is predictable. These books guide you through the steps to success.
Entrepreneur Revolution
The world is changing and so must you. Talented people are leaving traditional ways of working 
behind to start and grow small global businesses. The ideas and strategies that worked in the 
industrial age are not right for today. This book explores the mindset of successful entrepreneurs 
and the strategies they use to rapidly launch a business that works.
Key Person of Influence
Every industry revolves around Key People of Influence. Their names come up in conversation, they 
attract opportunities, they make more money and have more fun. Becoming a Key Person of Influence 
in your industry is not about the time you’ve spent working or the academic qualifications you 
have. As you will see in this book, there are steps you can take to make it into the inner circle 
of your industry – fast.
Oversubscribed
There are businesses that people line up for. There are brands that have a waiting list of 
customers who are almost fighting for the opportunity to buy. In a world of endless choices this 
shouldn’t happen but we see it all the time. Restaurants where
153

154                    Scorecard Marketing

you can’t get a table. Consultants who are booked up months in advance. Products that sell out on 
the day they launch. This book explores the strategies that deliberately orchestrate the phenomenon 
of being oversubscribed.
24 Assets
Income follows assets. Scale follows assets. Fun follows assets. An asset is anything that adds 
value or solves a problem when you aren’t there. Assets do the heavy lifting and make your team 
more effective at getting results. The most successful businesses now develop digital assets for 
achieving scale and profit with less stress. This book explores the most powerful digital assets 
you can develop for your business.
These books by Daniel Priestley are available on Amazon and Audible.

THE AUTHORS
Daniel founded his first company in 2002 in Australia at the age of twenty-one. Before he was 
twenty-five, he and his business partner Glen Carlson had grown a national business turning over 
several million dollars.
In 2006 Daniel and Glen moved from Australia to launch a new venture in London. Arriving with only 
a suitcase and a credit card, Daniel set up a new venture and grew it to seven- figure revenues in 
under two years. In the process, he became a leading figure in his industry and had the opportunity 
to be mentored personally by some of the world’s top entrepreneurs and leaders.
Daniel and Glen’s entrepreneurial career has included starting, building, buying, financing and 
selling businesses. Daniel and Glen are regarded as among the world’s top professional speakers on 
business and entrepreneurship and regularly speak to large audiences about the entrepreneur 
journey. Today, Daniel and Glen work to develop entrepreneurs who stand out, scale up and make a 
positive impact through business. Their Accelerator programme reinvents traditional businesses 
using a unique approach to personal branding and technology. ScoreApp gives people a powerful tool 
to find the right clients. Both Glen and Daniel are active in fundraising and supporting charities.
@danielpriestley, @glencarlson @danielpriestley, @glencarlson
155


