Let's be real, you felt like shit again this morning.

If you are a man who wants to wake up with real actual energy and feel like yourself again,

I'm about to show you exactly how you can restore your natural energy,

fix your broken body and hormones and get control of your drinking and poor lifestyle habits

without needing willpower, restrictive diets,

or even training more than twice per week.

Now, if you're skeptical, good.

Because what I'm going to show you

goes against everything you've been told

about health and energy.

I'm Marley, and for the past 10 years,

I've been helping men reclaim their vitality,

reverse health issues they didn't even think was possible,

and finally get off dependencies

for alcohol and caffeine.

Now, if you're anything like me,

you want just three things.

Number one, a successful life.

Number two, a loving family.

And three, to actually feel and look good in your own body.

And you want all the energy in the world to give to them.

But all this means nothing if you feel like shit.

After going through this myself,

I realised how important our energy really is.

I got tired of seeing men who worked so hard,

but feeling so shit inside that they don't know what to do.

Rob's a great example.

Rob was a finance director pulling in like 70 hour weeks.

He was having heart palpitations

and stressed out of his mind.

In just a few months,

he was able to wake up naturally energised at 4 a.m.

completely get off caffeine and was down over 17 pounds.

Another great guy, Lawrence, shout out my man Lawrence.

He was a busy professional and a parent

who spent over a year trying on his own.

Within just the first eight weeks with us,

he was able to drop his body fat by a quarter.

All my past client Louis, he was run down out of shape

and just wasn't getting anywhere with his body

or his health.

to now he hasn't drank in over a year.

I think he's lost about 12 kilograms now

and he's in the shape of his life.

Now I want to be completely transparent.

If you're someone who gets the kick out of being super worked

up and stressed and you don't care about your health,

this video is not for you.

Or if you're fine being complacent, addicted to substances

and performing well below your potential,

feel free to click off this video because it's not for you.

But if you want to wake up with real energy every day

to feel proud in your body and reclaim your health,

then stick with me because over the next few minutes,

I'm going to show you exactly why you're constantly feeling

so drained and exhausted and how to actually fix this.

So first, you need to understand the main roadblocks

you will face when it comes to restoring your energy.

So the first roadblock is thinking that you need to eat less.

This is one of the biggest lies in the fitness industry.

So many gurus promote these restrictive diets

like intermittent fasting, keto, one meal a day.

But when you skip meals or cut out food groups,

you deprive your body of energy.

and this slows your metabolism down

and puts your body in a high stress state.

But if you want to feel energized and actually burn fat,

you should be super charged in your metabolism.

The typical diet methods do not do this.

The second roadblock is thinking

most raining will fix your body.

You've been told you need to go to the gym

four, five, even six days per week.

But this advice has been passed down

from outdated bodybuilders back in the 90s.

So what you need is to train less but better.

If you do this right, you will build more muscle

in two days of training than four or five,

even six days per week.

The third roadblock is trying to use discipline

on coffee and booze.

You built a career, you built a family,

your financial life, these things alter willpower.

But when it comes to alcohol and caffeine,

This does not work because they don't address the real issues in your body.

You need caffeine because you shut down your natural energy production.

You drink because you feel stressed or anxious.

So no matter how much willpower you use, you'll always be pulled to them until

you reverse these underlying issues.

And the fourth and final roadblock is trying to wing it with your health.

Maybe you've taken some random supplement you saw online, you know, a meal plan from

a online influencer or cookie cutter advice from a doctor, but you have no idea if they

are right for you because you can't see what's really going on inside.

For example, if your body isn't processing sugar properly, the food you eat will turn

to fat.

If your gut is inflamed, you'll feel tired all the time.

If your hormones are out of whack you'll feel shit.

Yet the fitness industry tells you just to train more and eat less.

But you can't out train a broken metabolism, you can't supplement stack your way out of

wrecked hormones and even doctors won't help you fix this.

Because here's the truth, most doctors when it comes to your body and health are full

of shit.

They give you outdated advice made for people back in the 50s and they don't understand

the modern world we live in.

But let me ask you this.

Do you remember what it was like to wake up feeling excited for the day?

You know, to jump out of bed, ready to go, maybe back in your early twenties,

but now you just want to sleep in.

You drag yourself to work.

You get through another day of the bullshit.

And then somehow you're just meant to come home and switch on the energy

as you walk in the door.

But look, you've probably heard people tell you this is normal.

You know, that's just getting older.

Mate, this is complete BS.

Think about it.

You are in your peak years right now.

You're not 80.

You shouldn't have to drag yourself out of bed.

You shouldn't be ashamed to take your shirt off.

You shouldn't need three, four, five cups of coffee just to think straight

or drinks of alcohol to unwind.

I know what it feels like to feel the bollocks on paper, but feel ruined inside.

Back in 2021, I was struggling to get out of bed.

I had anxiety, like, you know, the subtle tightness that's constantly in your chest.

I was drinking a lot.

Most mornings I'd wake up thinking, "Man, I can't do this."

Yet your friends, your work colleagues, even your family have no clue.

I tried the keto diet and all the fads.

I've been hitting the gym for five, six days a week for years.

I tried every flashy supplement you see online in hopes, maybe this will fix me.

And I knew I had to get control of my drinking.

Every time I tried though, I'd make it to Thursday, no problems.

Then Friday rolled around and it was almost impossible to not have a few.

You know, as soon as it five o'clock, that'll be it.

And this cycle went on for years and years,

and I was so close to giving up,

but I finally had the realization.

Typical methods don't work

because they don't address the root issues

happening inside our body.

And when I realized this,

I spent the next three years researching every day

on exactly how the male body actually works.

And eventually I did find a solution

Within months I went from anxious and exhausted,

still trying to quit drinking and get off the coffee,

to transforming my body and having more energy

than I had when I was 15.

And fast forward to today,

I haven't drank now in over three years

and I don't think I've touched caffeine

in well over 18 months.

I stumbled on this Harvard Medical Study

that changed my mind on everything.

The researchers found men with declining testosterone have up to 50% higher chance of early death.

Now I won't lie this scared this shit out of me.

A 40 year old man today has the same testosterone as an 80 year old from 50 years ago.

But what's more worrying to me is the effect this has on successful men.

See feeling shit isn't about loyalty, it's about being the type of man whose testosterone

is dropping and I need you to understand, without energy you have nothing, without energy

your relationships will suffer, your work and business will drop, your body will deteriorate

and you will keep waking up feeling like this until you change your system.

When you look in the mirror, do you see the man you thought you'd become?

You know when you were 25, full of life, energy, drive?

Did you picture yourself needing coffee after coffee just to get through the day?

Did you imagine needing a drink every night just to get out of your own head?

You wouldn't be here if this wasn't true.

Let me put it like this.

of work, what do you hope to achieve? What kind of legacy do you want to leave? Because

sure the money, the status, the success, that's all great. But if you feel like shit every

day, what's the point? Brother you could be so much more. Like just imagine right now

what you could do with four more relenting hours every day. And let's say you could take

a pill and make this happen. Would you take it? I'm fucking right you would. This was my

realisation watching the movie Limitless about five years ago. See the main character

in it, Eddie, he has like all his potential but he's stuck. You know he's stressed, unhealthy

and he's trying to write this book but he can't even write a single page. So his brother

gives him this smart drug that he says will give him limitless energy and change his mind.

And that's exactly what happens. And he finishes his novel in devs. He makes a fortune in the

stock market and he becomes wildly successful. But you don't need a smart drug to do this.

Inside you right now is someone capable of becoming everything you want. This is what

what I call living a limitless life.

So I created a simple system to help you do this.

It's called the limitless protocol.

Inside the limitless protocol, the first thing you'll get is the exact

morning routine that fixes why you feel like shit.

We give you the specific foods, the routines and the lifestyle that

restores your body's natural energy production.

You'll also be getting the complete rest focus training system in just

two or three days per week, you can get the body you dreamed.

And we use my training method called the power presence,

where we target the specific muscles

to actually fill out the shirt.

And because you're not in the gym every day,

you've actually got more than enough energy

left for your work, your family, whatever you want.

But now here's where things really happen.

Inside the limitless flow, we control your drinking

in a simple, easy method where you're not using willpower.

you learn how to actually manage stress

instead of needing booze just to escape

or shut your brain off.

We restore your dopamine from the years of damage

from coffee, alcohol, junk food.

You reach a place where you no longer need anything.

On the final piece is your health.

Everything from your energy to your physique

to your need for alcohol and junk food.

It all comes back to how healthy you are

aligned your body and hormones are inside. We use things like the bottleneck test to identify your

biggest constraint. We use a method and diet approach called metabolic priming to reverse years

of uncontrolled issues and we do this in a systematic way that works with your body. Now

if you're done feeling like shit despite trying everything then the limitless protocol will work

for you. Now here's my guarantee if you don't follow it, if you ignore the coaching, if you

you skip the work, then nothing's going to work for you.

And I guarantee you nothing.

But if you follow this system, you will get great results.

Think of it like this.

If you owned a million pound racehorse

that could secure your family's future and change your life,

would you just pump it full of stimulants

and substances that deteriorate it?

Or would you give it the best nutrition,

the best recovery, the best trainers?

Well, you are that racehorse.

but right now you're running yourself into the ground.

This is your time right now to make a change.

So from here, you've got three options.

Option one, do nothing.

Option two, try to figure this out on your own.

You can go try pieces together

and try everything for the next six to 12 months

and you might get somewhere.

But look, if that was true, you probably wouldn't be here.

On option three, you get started today.

You scroll down and click the link below

and see how I can help you.

So if you're sick and tired of feeling like this,

feeling drained and exhausted on the morning,

where you can't get control

of your drinking and dependencies,

having a body where you're not proud to take your shirt off,

then I want you to click the link below now and get started

and we will make this happen together.

I'll see you on the inside.

